There is a "desperate need" for housing for ex-prisoners in Wales, a charity has said.
A man has been charged in connection with the seizure of firearms and ammunition in Edinburgh.
A judge in the US has denied bail to four people accused of beating a black man and forcing him to kiss the floor in a Facebook Live video.
West Bromwich Albion have appointed Steve Evans as their new director of football following his departure from Reading.
A "fasting-mimicking" diet can regenerate a special type of cell in the pancreas, a study suggests.
The merger of the two biggest eyewear manufacturers in the world, Essilor and Luxottica, has raised questions about whether there is enough competition in the industry.
Wendy Houvenaghel says she was dropped from British Cycling's World Class Programme because she was "not good enough".
The owner of a comedy club in the US state of Texas says his background in computer science helped him turn the business around.
Shares in BT rose sharply on Wednesday morning, after the regulator Ofcom said it would not force the company to spin off its Openreach division.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is relishing his first visit to Hampden Park as he prepares for Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers.
Queen's University in Belfast is to cut the number of student places by 1,010 over the next three years.
A hospital trust has apologised after 850 appointment letters were sent out with the wrong patient information.
Labour is "trying to get a compromise" on the Brexit bill, the shadow foreign secretary has said.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says he will not receive any money from the sale of Kane O'Kane to Bournemouth.
A psychiatric ward visit by a police officer could have contributed to the death of a man who drowned in the Menai Strait, an inquest has heard.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Leicester City striker David Taylor-Fletcher on loan until the end of the season.
A former Nasa chief scientist has said it would be "an enormous disservice" to make climate change data unavailable to the public.
The Specials drummer John "Brad" Bradbury has died at the age of 69.
Former world number one Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open as England's Justin Rose took a one-shot lead.
Former England and Manchester United striker Carlton Cole says he still has a "long road ahead" as he continues to recover from a kidney transplant.
Pakistan has lifted its ban on the video-sharing website YouTube.
Leicester Tigers scrum-half Jamie Benjamin will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Welsh cyclist Owain Doull said it was "surreal" to win his third Olympic gold medal after beating Australia in the men's team pursuit.
Floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat have killed more than 100 people and left thousands homeless, officials say.
It is believed to be the first wedding to be held on skis.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined $100m (£60m) by Hong Kong regulators for falsifying trading records.
The Baftas are over and the winners have been announced, with La La Land taking the top prize.
It has been a difficult year for Andy Murray.
Police in South Africa have arrested two men in connection with the fatal shooting of a local rapper on Saturday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a shot was fired near a Merseyside primary school.
Britain's Jessica Ennis-Hill remains on course to qualify for the Rio Olympics after the second day of the Hypo-Meeting in Gotzis, Germany.
More than 100 staff at the Manor Formula 1 team have been made redundant after the team went into administration.
The number of candidates standing in the Northern Ireland Assembly election has risen to 228.
What should you do if the pound falls against the US dollar before your trip to New York?
A teenager from New Zealand has been crowned the UK's Alternative Model of the Year.
More than 1,800 people have signed a petition against plans to move a statue commemorating the Falklands War.
A British man has appeared in court charged with breaching a terror control order.
Former Sussex and England all-rounder Chris Anyon has been appointed head coach of the women's side.
League One side Bury have signed midfielder Jordan Brown on a one-month loan deal.
Fairytales have long been a source of controversy, with films such as Frozen and Beauty and the Beast often criticised for veering too far from the traditional fairytale.
The Eurovision Song Contest was held in Kiev this year, with Ukraine's Jamala taking home the top prize.
When The Beatles played their first gig in Liverpool's Cavern Club in June 1963, it was the start of what would become one of the most famous nights in the city's history.
South Africa's government has proposed a minimum wage of 12,000 rand ($1,200; £1,000) a year.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the impact of the death of Ethiopia's long-serving Prime Minister Meles Zenawi.
Azhar Ali hit a half-century for Pakistan before rain washed out the second day of the second Test against Australia in Melbourne.
The SNP has held the Leith Walk seat on Edinburgh City Council with a swing of 7.6% from Labour.
Russia has accused the US of being "irrational" for refusing to co-operate with its air strikes in Syria.
Scarlets have signed Wales Under-20 internationals Rhys Hughes and Rhys Evans.
US President Barack Obama has announced new sanctions against Russia, accusing it of meddling in last month's US election.
Labour is proposing to scrap university tuition fees in England.
Fire crews have finished their work at the scene of the Shoreham air disaster, three weeks after the crash.
The US director of national intelligence has said he has never been directed to do anything "illegal, immoral, unethical or inappropriate" by the president.
The White House has confirmed that President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama attended a birthday party in New York.
Causanagh Road, Derrygonnelly, is one of a number of roads in County Londonderry that have been affected by Storm Desmond.
Mental health is one of the biggest challenges facing the NHS today.
To Kill a Mockingbird author Harper Lee has agreed to publish a second book after a state investigation found she was capable of consent.
The US has suspended its participation in talks with Russia aimed at ending the conflict in Syria.
Sadiq Khan has been elected as the first Muslim mayor of London.
A new vicar has been appointed at a church in Lancashire after a children's song went viral.
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne will be out for up to 10 weeks after injuring his ankle in Tuesday's Champions League win over Everton.
A man who set fire to a train in the Swiss city of St Gallen, injuring six people, has died, police say.
Police are hunting for the operator of a drone which came within a few feet of a passenger plane as it approached an airport.
A seal that became tangled in netting on a Fife beach has been freed and released back into the sea.
A collection of letters and manuscripts belonging to one of Scotland's most famous writers has been made public for the first time.
Mark Roache has been elected as the new general secretary of the GMB union.
As Laura Mvula prepares to kick off the new series of BBC Two's Later... with Jools Holland, she tells the BBC how she's "terrified" of live TV.
Newcastle United midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he has been "born again" since being diagnosed with testicular cancer.
Exeter City have announced that they made a pre-tax profit of more than £500,000 for the year ending June 2015.
Paralympic athlete Abdullah Hayayei died after a throwing cage collapsed on his head, it has been confirmed.
The Scottish Chambers of Commerce has said business optimism remains positive, but there are warning signals in its annual survey.
An inquiry into undercover policing in England and Wales is likely to expose "creditable and discreditable conduct, practice and management", Lord Justice Pitchford has said.
New Zealand survived a late South Africa fightback to reach the World Cup final.
The National Trust is using radar to help improve the condition of the world's tallest obelisk.
Shares in Inditex, the owner of Zara and Massimo Dutti, have jumped more than 10% after the firm reported a rise in sales and profits.
Pop star Lady Gaga is preparing for her Super Bowl half-time show in Houston, Texas, on Sunday.
A woman who was sexually abused by a gang in Rochdale five years ago has said the abuse is still going on.
A department store in Manchester has been forced to close for a second day after a water main burst.
The US telecoms regulator has been targeted by what appears to be a bot campaign against its proposed net neutrality rules.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Les Cotton says the club need to rebuild if they are to compete at the top level.
Moana has topped the US box office on its opening weekend, despite criticism of its depiction of Polynesian culture.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Nottingham Open with a straight-set win over Madison Brengle.
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being attacked in Ballymena, County Antrim.
German scientists believe they have found the source of the Ebola outbreak in Guinea that killed seven-year-old Emile Koffi.
Former world champion Stuart Bingham says he could play at the World Championship if his wife gives birth to their third child.
A section of the pier which collapsed on Anglesey last month is to be demolished, the council has said.
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge against the University of Oxford's controversial tower blocks.
The head of a school trust in Gloucestershire has written to parents warning of "unthinkable" cuts.
Millions of people could be displaced as a result of plans to set up national parks in Africa, according to a new report.
Police investigating the discovery of a human skull on a motorway in Shropshire have said further skeletal remains have been found.
Colombia's Omar Martinez has been beaten in the Olympic men's flyweight final by Kazakhstan's Islam Dusmatov.
University staff in England are to stage a one-day strike on Wednesday in a dispute over pay.
The Scottish government is to investigate East Dunbartonshire Council's plans to close a primary school.
Former Japan striker Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract with Japanese side Vegalta Sendai.
Violence has broken out in Indian-administered Kashmir on the first anniversary of the killing of a militant leader.
The European Central Bank (ECB) has said it will "monitor market conditions carefully" following the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Sale Sharks forward Tom Easter will leave the Premiership club at the end of the season to become a teacher.
Families of patients at a mental health ward at the centre of a scandal have said they are still waiting for answers.
A 35-year-old man has been jailed for attacking two men with a single punch in County Londonderry.
Two-time Olympic gold medallist Hope Solo has been suspended for two matches by the United States Women after being arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence.
A partner at a law firm has admitted conspiracy to supply cocaine.
Police in Scotland are to begin using Tasers against suspects on the rail network.
A Grangemouth-based water pumping station manufacturer is to create 80 new jobs after securing funding from UK Steel Scotland (UKSE).
A Brazilian footballer who was among those killed in a plane crash in Colombia on Monday has undergone surgery.
Former BBC presenter Peter Robinson has called Highways England's plans for a tunnel at Stonehenge a "high-class Disneyland experience".
Everton began their Europa League campaign with a comfortable win over German side Wolfsburg at Goodison Park.
Scunthorpe United defender Chris Bishop has signed a new one-year contract with the club.
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner in south London.
Prostate cancer is one of the world's leading causes of cancer death in men.
Christian Wade scored a hat-trick of tries as Wasps beat Worcester Warriors to boost their Premiership play-off hopes.
A French woman has been killed in the attack on the Bardo museum in Tunisia that left at least 39 people dead, officials say.
Satellite images show how Islamic State (IS) militants have destroyed Mosul airport in a bid to prevent Iraqi forces from using it as a logistical base.
There is "no danger" of the Great Western Railway being overrun at Easter, Network Rail has said.
An oil and gas company has been granted a permit by Natural Resources Wales for exploratory drilling in Gwynedd.
Online retailer Amazon has changed the way it records sales in Europe in an effort to reduce its tax bill.
The chief medical officer for England has called on junior doctors not to go on strike in their long-running dispute with the NHS.
Oxford United midfielder Callum Kenny has signed a new one-year contract with the League One club.
A Dorset college has been awarded a £3.5m grant from the government to refurbish its buildings.
The Football Association's chairman is to meet the family of former footballer Jeff Astle to discuss head injuries and concussions.
There may now be more multi-millionaires and billionaires than ever before in the world, but the wealth gap between the world's top 1% and the rest of us continues to widen.
Sale Sharks have extended the contracts of teenage forwards Tom and Tom Jones until the end of the 2017-18 season.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Aberdeen.
The US has accused Egypt and other Arab countries of setting "unrealistic and unworkable conditions" for talks on nuclear disarmament.
Plans to devolve control over fracking in Wales remain on hold, the Welsh government has said.
Tyson Fury's world heavyweight title reign has been like a runaway lorry.
England head coach Eddie Jones will name his final 23-man squad for the autumn Tests on Friday.
More than 100 paintings and drawings by a World War One veteran have gone on display in his home town.
Scott Brown's decision to retire at the end of last season was "clearly the wrong decision", according to former Scotland boss Neil Lennon.
A buzzard has been rescued after becoming stuck in a fence in County Durham.
Workers at the Post Office are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over the closure of branches and changes to pensions.
Ulster Unionist leadership candidate Mike Nesbitt has said he "wouldn't withdraw a word" of his remarks about transferring to the SDLP.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized drugs with an estimated street value of more than £1m in raids in County Londonderry.
The Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has said there is a "greater opportunity" to achieve a united Ireland after the UK leaves the European Union.
Morecambe manager Lee Bentley has urged his players to keep their "feet on the ground" as they move to the top of League Two.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said Qatar's response to a list of demands from four Arab states is "unacceptable".
UKIP policy spokeswoman Diane Evans has said she has given up on becoming the party's next leader.
A taxi driver has been arrested in the Indian capital, Delhi, for allegedly raping a woman who had used an app to book a taxi.
As Wales' players and fans celebrated their team's place in the semi-finals of Euro 2016 at the Stade de France, a familiar refrain could be heard from the stands.
Ferguslie Park in Renfrewshire is the most deprived area in Scotland, according to official figures.
Olympic gold medallists Paul Cassells and James Scrimgeour won their lightweight double sculls semi-final at the European Rowing Championships in Rotterdam.
Raith Rovers have signed former Kilmarnock midfielder Callum Johnston for an undisclosed fee.
James Milner scored a late penalty as Liverpool came from behind to beat Swansea and increase the pressure on manager Francesco Guidolin.
It's hard to tell which blow took us more by surprise, the first ever positive steroids test in Scottish rugby, or the fact that so many Scottish teams qualify for the Heineken Cup from a league without relegation.
Radiohead will headline this year's TRNSMT music festival in Glasgow.
The US has urged North Korea to stop "irresponsible provocations" after it said it had restarted a nuclear reactor.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after human bones were found during a search for a missing man.
"Hello, I'm Marwan Koukash and I'm the owner of Salford City Reds."
Ciecilia and Isobel Joyce both took four wickets as Ireland beat Zimbabwe by eight wickets in their World Twenty20 qualifier in Thailand.
A hospital where a patient died after being mistakenly given a pill by an agency nurse has been placed in special measures.
Britain's Mark Cavendish is in a three-way tie for third place in the men's individual pursuit at the Rio Olympics.
The Northern Ireland Executive is to spend an extra £100m on health over the next two years.
Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, the twin brothers who sued Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg for millions of dollars, have filed a new lawsuit against the social network.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being hit by a car.
Harry Chapman Pincher was one of Britain's best-known investigative journalists.
Birmingham City have signed Dundee striker Scott Stewart on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A former soldier arrested as part of an inquiry into alleged payments to public officials has been released without charge, the Crown Prosecution Service has said.
Two care homes have been rated "unsatisfactory" by Scotland's health watchdog.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of possessing a firearm in north London.
Power has been restored to the remaining 10,000 properties left without electricity after a substation in Lancashire failed.
A High Court judge has quashed a decision to refuse planning permission for more than 1,000 homes.
Businesses on the Isle of Wight have called for compensation for damage caused by the troubled Solent ferry.
French Ligue 1 side Lille have re-signed midfielder Youssef Sliti from Paris St-Germain for an undisclosed fee.
Astronaut Tim Peake has just returned to Earth from the International Space Station.
Cyclist Martyn Irvine has been voted BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
An Italian military aircraft has landed safely at Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire.
Police have been granted more time to question five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
The Euro 2016 football tournament gets under way in France later this month, with hosts France aiming to defend their title.
Great Britain's men's basketball team will host Greece in a pre-EuroBasket warm-up game at the Copper Box in London on Saturday.
Australia beat Wales to reach the quarter-finals of the Rugby World Cup.
Scotland scrum-half Andrew Strauss says the players are determined to give Vern Cotter a "good send-off" in his final Six Nations match as head coach.
Former CIA director David Petraeus has said the Islamic State (IS) group is "a formidable enemy" and called for greater US involvement in Iraq.
More than 100,000 email addresses have been accessed in a cyber attack on the City of Edinburgh Council website.
Syrian rebel groups say they have launched a major offensive against government forces in response to recent violations of a cessation of hostilities.
Instagram, the photo-sharing service owned by Facebook, is introducing advertising, the company has announced.
Actor Michael Hall is to perform at this year's Mercury Music Prize ceremony, in memory of David Bowie.
A retired detective has been found not guilty of indecently assaulting a prisoner in 1986.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said it is "seven times more important" for Wales to have a say in Brexit negotiations.
Families of victims of the Hillsborough disaster have called for a new law to require public officials to cooperate with police investigations.
People who post "grossly offensive" material online could be prosecuted under new laws.
In the early hours of Sunday, 10-year-old Faizan Shah went to his grandmother's house in Indian-administered Kashmir.
A woman has died after being hit by a truck in Gwynedd.
Four companies have been shortlisted for a new £1bn rail franchise, the Welsh Government has announced.
BBC Radio Scotland presenter Robbie Robertson is to step down from the show he has hosted for 35 years.
Preston North End manager Chris Coleman has criticised the Football League for allowing Carlisle United an 'unfair advantage' over his side.
Two Manchester United fans have been arrested on suspicion of breaching security at Old Trafford after being found in the stands ahead of Saturday's game against Arsenal.
Accrington Stanley came from behind to beat Preston North End in extra-time and reach the EFL Cup third round.
A shopkeeper who had his tools stolen has been told they have been found and will be returned to him.
Laura Muir says she is "gutted" to miss next year's Commonwealth Games after finishing third in the 5,000m at the London Anniversary Games.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger will miss the start of the season after being jailed for fraud.
Tributes have been paid to Sir Terry Wogan by BBC Radio 2 presenter Chris Evans.
Scotland's political parties have called on the UK government to make "cast iron assurances" about the future of Clyde shipyards.
Republican front-runner Donald Trump and his rivals for the party's presidential nomination have traded insults in their first televised debate.
Ukraine has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the second year in a row.
Lifeguards are to be deployed to a popular beach following the deaths of five men last year.
Partick Thistle captain Arnaud Osman says the club would be "disappointed" if manager Alan Archibald were to leave Firhill.
Canadian police have arrested 10 people suspected of trying to travel to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State (IS).
York City have signed Hull City midfielder Jordan Dixon on loan until the end of the season.
The NHS in England could save £500m a year by cutting the number of foreign patients it treats, the government has said.
Belfast Giants moved level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils after beating Braehead Clan 4-1 on Monday night.
One of Britain's most famous locomotives, the Flying Scotsman, is set to return to the rails.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a boy at an East Yorkshire Catholic school has been awarded Â£10,000 in damages.
Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them has topped the UK and Ireland box office on its opening weekend.
Britain's Lizzie Williamson says she is lucky to be alive after a serious crash at the European Track Cycling Championships.
The gap between the life expectancies of men and women in the UK is starting to close, according to a new study.
A police and crime commissioner resigned from his post to appear on BBC's Question Time.
If you want to know about the dangers of excessive monetary easing, look no further than Stephen King.
Thames Water could earn 14% a year if it builds a super sewer under the River Thames, a leading economist has claimed.
The developer of the Swansea Bay tidal lagoon has accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of publishing "unrealistic and grossly misleading" figures about its impact on fish.
Sale Sharks have signed Scotland forward Josh Strauss from Glasgow Warriors on a two-year deal.
A China Eastern Airlines plane has been forced to make an emergency landing after a hole appeared in its left engine.
The government has said it will reconsider its decision to bar a woman from staying in the UK with her young daughter.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Czech national team boss Tomas Fitzel has backed the idea of a 16-team top-flight in the Czech Republic.
The Democratic Republic of Congo's President Joseph Kabila has named opposition leader Felix Tshibala as his successor.
Adebayo Akinfenwa's late goal gave Wycombe victory over Exeter in League Two.
Journalists at Australia's Fairfax Media have gone on strike in a dispute over job cuts.
Jockey Richard Hannon says he would be "amazed" if Richard Marquand became a champion jockey like Ryan Moore.
Negotiators from Colombia's Farc rebel group and the government have agreed to resume peace talks next month.
Blackburn Rovers midfielder Michael Akpan has been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association.
Octopuses display a range of aggressive and defensive behaviour, according to a new study.
Former British number one Laura Robson will return to Nottingham for the first time since 2013.
The government of the Democratic Republic of Congo has said it will not exhum the bodies of more than 100 people found buried in a field near the capital, Kinshasa.
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman is set to become Everton's new manager.
The government's Housing White Paper is the latest in a series of announcements about how it is going to tackle the housing crisis in England.
At least six people have been killed and more than 30 injured in a suicide bombing in northern Turkey, the army says.
Police searching for a missing teenager in North Lanarkshire have found a body.
Barcelona's Luis Suarez is the world's most valuable player, according to a study by the CIES Football Observatory.
The solar-powered aeroplane Solar Impulse has left China for Hawaii, the next leg in its attempt to circumnavigate the globe using just the energy of the Sun.
A police and crime commissioner (PCC) who was suspended for breaching equality rules has settled her case.
Actor Ed Herrmann, best known for his role as Richard Gilmore in the US TV series Gilmore Girls, has died at the age of 69.
Northern Ireland captain Gareth McAuley says his side's 2-0 Euro 2016 win over Ukraine was a "special moment" for the team.
Two legal challenges to the UK government's decision to trigger Brexit have been rejected by the High Court in London.
The daughter of Tracey and Pierce Wilkinson, who were stabbed to death in the Black Country, has said she is " counting her blessings".
The BBC's Stephen Evans in Seoul looks at some of the key figures from the US who have been detained in North Korea.
South Korea's education minister has apologised after two questions in a high school entrance exam were found to be incorrect.
Gloucester All Golds have confirmed they have held talks with the owners of the Premiership club about a possible partnership.
A Labour MP has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to " isolate and ostracise" him from his family.
Olympic champions Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish will take part in this year's Tour of Britain.
A former charity worker has pleaded guilty to fraud and money laundering.
A woman from the Dalit community in the western Indian state of Maharashtra has said she was beaten up by women from the upper-caste community.
Ankara has accused the US of putting Turkey on a par with a terrorist organisation after it called for an end to fighting in northern Syria.
Mae'r Church Times wedi iddo weld rhannau o e-byst yr Esgob Llanelwy yn dweud ei fod wedi clywed bod cefnogaeth yn Llandaf.
Toshiba has confirmed that it is in talks with banks over loans.
England will "have to pull their fingers out" to beat Pakistan in the final Test, says James Anderson.
New Zealand coach Warren Gatland has accused Australia counterpart Eddie Henry of "making up the numbers" on the tour of New Zealand.
Rangers have completed the signing of Northern Ireland midfielder Ryan Hodson from MK Dons on a two-year deal.
The Croick Decanter, which was used to feed infants during the Highland Clearances, has been donated to Inverness Museum.
A woman who stabbed a pensioner to death after a row over money has been jailed at the High Court in Belfast.
Guns are being sold on the "dark web", a study has found.
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife.
A man who lost more than 40 stone (254kg) has been granted a visa to return to the US for weight-loss surgery.
Scientists at the Institute of Cancer Research in London say they have discovered a new class of drugs that could help treat prostate cancer.
The European football leagues are to hold a general assembly in June to decide on the future of an agreement with Uefa that allowed domestic matches to be played on the same night as European games.
Teachers have called on schools to openly discuss female genital mutilation (FGM) with parents.
Police have appealed for information after a woman was raped in a park in Inverness.
Swansea City need a manager who can "get them out of trouble" if they are relegated from the Premier League, says chairman Huw Curtis.
The average debt owed by Welsh students studying in higher education has risen to £19,280, according to the latest figures.
An Italian man has been arrested for allegedly pretending to be a Lufthansa pilot.
Tougher rules should be put in place to encourage people from the Indian sub-continent to come to the UK, David Cameron has said.
The number of children living in poverty in Wales has more than doubled in the past decade, a charity has said.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that employees should be paid for the time they spend travelling between jobs.
Schools in Guinea have reopened for the first time since the country was hit by an Ebola outbreak in August.
The FTSE 100 has fallen for a ninth session in a row as global stock markets continue to fall.
The sister of a woman murdered by a County Tyrone man has said she is "angry and fearful" that he could be released from prison.
Former Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Kasyanov has accused President Vladimir Putin of "silent encouragement" after a video appeared showing him being shot.
Louis van Gaal knew his side would have to fight hard to beat Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Scottish brewer BrewDog has launched its first crowdfunding round in the United States.
Tata Steel workers in the UK have agreed to end a long-running dispute over a pension scheme.
Keurig Green Mountain, the maker of single-serve coffee pods, is being bought by a private equity firm for $7.3bn (Â£5.4bn).
A university has removed a poster mocking Jennifer Lawrence after her private photos were leaked online.
A man has been stabbed to death in an alleyway in north London.
Exeter head coach Rob Baxter says he is not surprised by the number of players he has been unable to call up for England.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side have "everything to play for" as they bid to become the first team to go a 38-game season unbeaten.
The University of Londonderry has said the remaining unfinished rooms in its new £100m campus will not be ready for the start of the academic year.
A County Londonderry council has said it is "really, really disappointed" after a popular US cartoon character failed to make an appearance at an event.
Aston Villa have appointed Brighton & Hove Albion assistant manager Colin Calderwood as their new head coach.
Wales captain Jamie Roberts says he will use the disappointment of being dropped for the British and Irish Lions tour as motivation.
England's win over Scotland was the perfect start to their Six Nations campaign.
Great Britain missed out on a place in the men's 4x400m relay final at the World Championships in London.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a crash between a car and a bus in South Lanarkshire.
A 23-year-old man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a forklift truck in South Lanarkshire.
Olympic gold medallist Nicola Adams says British trainer Virgil Hunter can help turn her into a world champion.
Ruhollah Khomeini was born in Kohmeyn in central Iran.
Former Anglo Irish Bank boss David Drumm has been granted bail of 50,000 euros (£39,000) after appearing in court in the Republic of Ireland.
Lala Njava is one of Madagascar's best-known musicians.
Aung San Suu Kyi has long been criticised for not doing more to help Myanmar's Muslim minority, the Rohingya.
I've known Ivan Lendl for a long time but I'd never met him in person before.
A group of 16 and 17-year-olds who voted in the Scottish independence referendum have told Newsbeat they want the UK voting age lowered.
Mercedes Formula 1 boss Toto Wolff has a big decision to make after Nico Rosberg announced his retirement at the end of the season.
Smoking may increase the risk of schizophrenia, according to researchers.
Four people, including two children, have been rescued after getting into difficulty on a beach in Bristol.
Former Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Carey has said it would not be "anti-Christian" to allow terminally ill people to end their lives.
Former Leicester City striker Gary Lineker says the decision to sack manager Claudio Ranieri was a "wrong decision".
Rescuers in Bangladesh are using bare hands to try to reach survivors trapped in the rubble of a collapsed garment factory in the capital, Dhaka.
Dundee United have signed Southampton goalkeeper Harry Lewis for an undisclosed fee.
Aberdeen were beaten 3-0 by Celtic in the Scottish League Cup final at Hampden Park.
The public inquiry into the killing of former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko in London in 2006 is due to begin its deliberations later.
A health board has been criticised for its handling of a charity's £150,000 organ donation challenge.
An elderly woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of using a tractor as a taxi in North Yorkshire.
A man accused of pretending to be a victim of the Grenfell Tower fire has pleaded not guilty to two counts of fraud.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Joseph Warungu looks at some of the people who will be standing in Africa in 2017.
A man who built a mock-Tudor castle without planning permission has been ordered to demolish it or face jail.
Nottingham's new tram system has opened to the public after months of delays.
The DIY SOS team has been targeted in a series of break-ins at the Black Country Show.
Tullow Oil has reported a loss of £1.6bn for 2015.
EE is the best mobile network in the UK, according to a new study.
A homeless man has been given a two-year driving ban after he was caught driving a wheelie bin around Dumfries.
Residents of Vila Uniao, a poor neighbourhood in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro, have won a two-year campaign to save it from demolition.
The UK's nuclear regulator has moved to reduce the risk of a reactor breaching safety limits.
A US hunter who shot dead a famous lion in Zimbabwe has said he did not know the animal was protected.
The 200th anniversary of one of Scotland's most famous whiskies is to be celebrated with a major fundraising drive.
David Hockney's former friend died after drinking acid at the artist's home, an inquest has heard.
Nigerian rower Chierika Ukogu may have missed out on a medal at the Olympics, but that did not stop US rapper Snoop Dogg congratulating her.
A plane travelling from Edinburgh to Chicago has had to make a second emergency landing in 24 hours.
There will be a minute's silence before Wednesday's Europa League final and the Great Manchester Run on Sunday following Monday's terror attack in the city.
The government spent £8.3bn to set up and run academies in England in the two years before the general election, the public spending watchdog has said.
When Russell Knox arrived at Castle Stuart for the Scottish Open, it was raining.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl Charlene Downes is taking legal action against Lancashire Police.
Police in Rio say they have made contact with the president of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), Thomas Bach, as part of an investigation into illegal Olympic ticketing.
Joyce Banda is Malawi's first female president.
Charlton Athletic have been drawn at home to Exeter City in the first round of the EFL Cup.
Three pygmy marmosets that were stolen from a zoo in Australia have been found safe and well.
Women are being held back by a layer of male, middle managers in the UK's intelligence services.
The leader of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community has condemned the Westminster terror attack as a "barbaric atrocity".
Singer Charlotte Church has announced that she and her partner have lost their baby.
A man who caused the deaths of two men in a crash while being chased by police has been jailed for 10 years.
A woman who lived as a man for more than 30 years has said she is "happy" after undergoing gender reassignment surgery.
Astronomers have discovered the youngest planet ever found outside our Solar System - and it's bigger than Jupiter!
Campaigners have set up a campsite in Newport ahead of next week's Nato summit.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of hacking into Pippa Middleton's iCloud account.
Police are investigating reports of "xenophobic abuse" against members of the Polish community in the wake of the EU referendum result.
Ospreys have signed Wales international flanker Rob McCusker on a short-term deal.
Masked gunmen have ambushed a Saudi prince's motorcade in Paris, stealing 250,000 euros (Â£200,000; $300,000) in cash and official documents.
When you think of the words 'Olympic referee' and 'women in a man's world', you might be forgiven for thinking of the likes of Wayne Barnes or JP Doyle.
More than 3,000 customers of BT in Shetland and Orkney were left without phone and broadband services after a power cut.
A school's prom has been cancelled because of the "significant focus and distraction" caused by the event.
Mohamed is one of the thousands of people trying to cross into Europe from Syria.
Former Leicestershire boss Gary Porter has returned to the club as chief executive.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted she fell asleep at last year's State of the Union address.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has announced he is stepping down.
Labour has accused the Conservative Party of "on an industrial scale" using social media to target its MPs.
Police have appealed for a taxi driver to come forward in connection with an attempted kidnap.
An ex-offenders' food truck is set to double the number of trainees it employs.
A man convicted of raping a woman in Edinburgh 10 years ago is on a most-wanted list in the Netherlands.
Police in the US city of Dallas have stepped up security at their headquarters.
A paedophile who groomed a 12-year-old boy on Facebook before sexually abusing him has been jailed for 12 years.
British astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti has arrived at the International Space Station (ISS).
A councillor has been warned by a council that it will seek a High Court injunction to stop her from taking part in future protests.
Team Sky riders Geraint Thomas and Peter Kennaugh have said they are "completely behind" boss Dave Brailsford.
Snap, the owner of messaging app Snapchat, has confirmed it is developing a pair of sunglasses that can record video.
Guinea-Bissau's players have received their bonuses for qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations, the country's government says.
David Cameron has said the government will make a decision on a proposed satellite grammar school in Kent "properly".
Bristol City came from behind to beat 10-man Watford at Vicarage Road.
Two wings of a prison in Wiltshire have been "destroyed" during disturbances over the weekend, the Prison Officers' Association says.
England Test batsman Joe Root has praised coach Peter Moores after being named player of the year.
Morecambe boss Grant McCann says he will not give up on the League One play-offs despite his side's 2-0 home defeat by Peterborough United.
A public inquiry has begun into a planning application for more than 1,000 homes in Kent.
A railway line which was closed after a section of track collapsed is expected to reopen next week, Network Rail has said.
The Metropolitan Police has agreed to pay damages to an Asian detective who claimed an officer put a monkey on his desk.
Philippine President-elect Rodrigo Duterte has said journalists should be killed if they "disrespect" him.
A surfer who was killed by a shark in Western Australia has died in hospital.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling into the sea at an RNLI event in Gwynedd.
Botswana has a lot going for it.
A toddler who died of septicaemia had "many and terrible" injuries, a court has heard.
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainen praised his side's "mental toughness" after they came from behind to beat 10-man St Johnstone at McDiarmid Park.
A man has been found guilty of killing his ex-girlfriend after she sent him text messages saying she feared for her life.
Three security guards have given a man the "kiss-of-life" after rescuing him from a car which had crashed into a dyke.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has welcomed the decision by Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe to increase the number of armed officers in the capital.
Italy's lower house of parliament has approved a controversial electoral reform that will change the country's political system.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in banking and telecom shares.
A man who admitted causing the death of a three-year-old boy in a car crash has been jailed for four years.
Paralympic champions Jamie Peacock, Sophie Cockroft and Katherine Cox have been named in Great Britain's squad for the World Para-athletics Championships in London.
The father of a woman who was allegedly gang raped in Afghanistan says the president of the country has promised to investigate the case.
A man who broke through the roof of his girlfriend's home and threatened her with a knife has been jailed for six months.
Warwickshire's Jonathan Trott became the first batsman to reach 25,000 first-class runs as they put themselves in a good position against Somerset.
Mickey Demetriou's free-kick gave Newport County their first win under new manager Mike Flynn.
Jack Grealish scored a hat-trick as England began their World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable win over Guinea.
Labour MP Emily Thornberry has resigned from the shadow cabinet after posting an image on Twitter of a house in the Rochester and Strood by-election.
The former lead singer of The Carpenters, Richard Carpenter, is suing the record label that has released his band's music for decades.
Scottish Enterprise is leading a trade mission to Myanmar with a group of Scottish companies.
The BBC's Will Grant has been to the Parc Cadeau migrant camp on the border between Haiti and the Dominican Republic.
A school in south-west London is to be expanded to cope with an increase in pupil numbers.
Portsmouth have made their third summer signing by bringing in Congolese international Mathieu Linganzi on a short-term deal.
Ulster pair Craig Henderson and Tommy Bowe are set to return from injury for Saturday's Pro12 game against Zebre.
Councillors in a Brecon Beacons town have voted to oppose plans to turn a pub into a convenience store.
Aberdeen were held to a draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Championship.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been urged to do more to help refugees fleeing conflicts in Syria and Iraq.
More than 30 scientists and academics have criticised the Scottish government's plans to ban the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops in Scotland.
A four-year-old girl has been banned from wearing a headscarf at a primary school.
A man who fraudulently claimed more than £39,000 in benefits has been jailed for six months.
A man has been found guilty of manslaughter after stabbing a pensioner to death in West Sussex.
The UK economy grew by 0.3% in the second quarter of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The success of our team at the Women's World Cup in Canada has been a huge boost for women's football in England.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has been accused of being "ageist" over Neil Hamilton's return to the Welsh assembly.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says his side's victory over Manchester United was "the game we wanted and expected".
The quality of life for older people in residential care in Wales is to be reviewed.
The new chief executive of Welsh language broadcaster S4C has been named as Gareth Evans.
Mae Theresa May wedi dweud y bydd pleidleisio gyda'r llywodraeth yn dilyn pleidlais Brexit yn y Senedd.
Scientists are to carry out a major study of alleged "yeti" remains.
Uefa has accused the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) of being "inadequate" in its investigation into Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho's failed drugs test.
The UK should adopt a similar approach to the way it regulates genetically modified (GM) crops, leading scientists have said.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has criticised the deputy chief of staff for comparing the country to Nazi Germany.
Plans to cut funding for Welsh language broadcaster S4C have been put on hold while a review into its future is carried out.
Passengers travelling from Edinburgh to Glasgow are being warned to expect disruption as a major engineering project begins.
Liverpool owner Marwan Al Hasawi has confirmed that the club are being sold.
There has been a small rise in the proportion of pupils getting top A* and A grades in English this year.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that global growth could slow to 3.2% this year and 3.5% in 2017.
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry will not take part in the first televised Republican debate of the 2016 presidential campaign.
Leicester Tigers have extended the loan of England back-row Ellis Genge from Bristol until the end of the season.
There will be no redundancies at the Driving and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA), the finance minister has said.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says the introduction of flat pitches in the County Championship has worked.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to live next to Facebook?
A teenager has appeared in court charged with the murder of 14-year-old Bailey Gwynne at an Aberdeen school.
League One side Walsall have signed Carlisle United goalkeeper Joe Ward on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Three teenagers who stabbed a teenager to death in a street attack have had their sentences increased at the Court of Appeal.
It was a scene you would expect to see at the end of a major sporting event - thousands of people gathered in Olympic Park.
The so-called Sykes-Picot agreement, which laid out the borders of the Middle East in the early 20th Century, is now under threat.
Celtic winger Patrick Roberts says he wants to return to Manchester City at the end of the season.
Premier League teams spent a record £174m on agents and intermediaries in the 2016-17 season, an increase of 40%.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed former Watford goalkeeper David Gilmartin and Colchester goalkeeper David Brill.
"I think most of the bad stuff on the internet has nothing to do with Tor," says David Dingledine.
A couple who were found dead in their garage were unlawfully killed, an inquest has heard.
Gordon Strachan spoke at half-time of Scotland's 5-1 defeat by Malta on Sunday night.
Bury moved out of the League One relegation zone with victory over struggling Coventry.
An Australian government minister has confirmed that 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers have been sent back to their country.
World champion Marc Marquez extended his lead at the top of the MotoGP standings with victory at Misano.
Reigning world champion Helen Glover says she is ready to defend her title with coxless pair partner Polly Swann at the World Cup event in Amsterdam.
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of weakening the coalition's commitment to fairness and civil liberties.
China's industrial production grew at its slowest pace in more than two years in April, official figures have shown.
The success of Microsoft's Kinect system shows that the company's research and development (R&D) programme is paying off.
The general election has taken place in Wales, with Labour extending their run of winning general elections in Wales to 26.
Hartlepool United have signed Reading midfielder Nkosi Tshibola and Mansfield Town striker Josh Bingham on loan until the end of the season.
Voting is under way in the general election in Merseyside.
A huge billboard in memory of a schoolboy who has been diagnosed with cancer has been erected in County Down.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of London for the annual Pride parade.
Up to 230 jobs could be lost at a helicopter manufacturing site in Somerset after Leonardo said it would stop making the aircraft there.
A man has appeared in court accused of kidnapping a woman in east Belfast.
Nato documents have revealed how the UK claimed the remote island of Rockall in the North Atlantic in the 1950s.
The artist who painted The Beatles' Sgt Pepper album has been honoured for his contribution to Liverpool.
National League side Alfreton Town have signed York City defender Ryan Mooney on loan until the end of the season.
The UK government has set out its vision for the future of renewable energy.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has cut its forecast for the UK budget after the election.
Sophie Raworth is to join the presenters of BBC One's Watchdog following Anne Robinson's departure.
The president of the Liberian Football Association (LFA) has threatened to take Fifa to court if a member of the organisation's electoral committee is not replaced.
A man has been found guilty of the rape and murder of a teenage girl more than 30 years ago.
The BBC spent more than £4bn on its programmes and equipment in the last financial year, the corporation has revealed.
World number three Ding Junhui produced a masterful display to thrash top seed Mark Williams 10-2 and reach the World Championship semi-finals.
The US has said it will resume security assistance to Bahrain, despite criticism from rights groups.
A ticket for The Beatles' first UK tour in 1963 is expected to fetch up to £4,000 when it is auctioned.
MPs have called for a review of the government's strategy for care leavers in England.
Requiring schools to promote "fundamental British values" could have "unintended consequences", a teachers' union has warned.
A body has been found in the search for a Denbighshire man who has been missing since Saturday.
David Oyelowo has called Benedict Cumberbatch's use of the word "coloured" "ridiculous".
Vulnerable people with dementia and learning disabilities are being denied their freedoms unlawfully, the Law Commission has said.
Margaret Thatcher's time as prime minister was one of the most transformational in British history.
A major oil discovery has been made in the Central North Sea by GDF Suez and BP.
Red Bull say they are no longer interested in an engine deal with Mercedes.
Hundreds of passengers on a cruise ship that caught fire last week have been allowed to disembark in the US.
Harlequins came from 30-18 down to beat London Irish in the European Challenge Cup at The Stoop.
The States of Guernsey has launched a consultation on the potential for development in 10 more areas of the island.
A screening of the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire will be held in Kingussie later.
Marcus Trescothick hit his second first-class century of the season to help Somerset fight back against Middlesex.
There was a "co-ordinated, deliberate and sustained action to introduce an intolerant and aggressive Islamist ethos" into some schools in Birmingham, a leaked report says.
Venezuela's National Assembly has been left in the dark after power went off during a debate on energy policy.
A young mother in Vietnam's capital, Hanoi, had to spend more than two months in hospital to get her son referred for a specialist operation.
Argentina says it will take legal action against five oil companies operating near the Falkland Islands.
Two of England's most successful rugby players started their careers at the same club, it has been revealed.
The world's oldest human being has died at the age of 112.
Racing 92 are the best team in Europe, according to Scarlets captain Ken Owens.
Widnes Vikings kept their Super League play-off hopes alive with a hard-fought win at St Helens.
A boxer who was barred from competing for Team Wales because of her kickboxing past has become a professional.
Maria Sharapova is back in the top 500 of the women's rankings after her first win in 15 months at the Stuttgart Open.
World number one Novak Djokovic beat Japan's Kei Nishikori in straight sets to win the Australian Open.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has not ruled out bringing in a new striker in the January transfer window.
French President Francois Hollande and German Chancellor Angela Merkel have said it is now up to the EU to win voters back.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused David Cameron of being "wilfully dishonest" over immigration.
The UK should renew its Trident nuclear weapons system, Theresa May has said.
A quarter of a billion pounds is to be made available to help councils in England introduce fortnightly bin collections.
Archaeologists say they have found evidence of a "prehistoric supermarket" in the Amazon rainforest.
Tom Walsh kicked Catalans Dragons to their second Super League win of the season as they came from behind to beat Hull FC.
Actor Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album, Metal Knight, which includes three original songs.
Cardiff City have parted company with manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer following their relegation from the Premier League.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he does not want to repeat the mistakes that led to his side's relegation from the Premier League.
Labour's Neil Hamilton has been re-elected as police and crime commissioner for Cumbria.
The Queen has been spotted eating out at an Edinburgh pub which has been linked to the Royals since the 1500s.
A father-of-four from Liverpool, Stephen Copoc travelled by car with friends, who all survived.
A US marine has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a transgender woman in the Philippines.
Former Scottish Open champion Jamie Fleming says anyone found guilty of match-fixing should be banned from the sport.
The US military is considering transferring transgender soldier Pte Chelsea Manning to a civilian prison, the Pentagon has confirmed.
Prime Minister David Cameron is expected to reject Iain Duncan Smith's criticism of his style of government in a statement later.
British number one Heather Watson has been knocked out in the second round of the Wuhan Open in South Korea.
How do you keep in touch with your grandchildren when they move away?
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen set the pace in final practice at the Belgian Grand Prix.
St Johnstone have signed Northern Ireland international Kyle McClean.
Disney is one of the most powerful companies in the world.
The number of students who have been placed on university courses through the so-called "clearing" system has hit a record high.
The amount of phosphorus used to fertilise grasslands around the world is set to more than double by the middle of the century.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has said he will look into banning foreign buyers from buying homes in the country.
A three-year-old boy who received a liver transplant from his father has made "satisfactory" progress, his grandmother has said.
A woman has been given a suspended jail sentence for defrauding a charity set up in memory of a Cumbrian teenager who died from cancer.
A former police community support officer (PCSO) has been jailed for six years for grooming and sexual activity with a child.
ScotRail has said it has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union in a long-running dispute over the role of conductors.
A humpback whale has been spotted in the Firth of Forth.
Sheffield Panthers beat Cardiff Devils 5-2 in the Challenge Cup semi-final at the SSE Arena.
Helen Williams, the former Miss America who was asked to resign the title in 1984, has received an apology from the Miss America Organization.
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates have been put up for sale by the Ministry of Defence.
The company behind plans for an electricity interconnector between the Western Isles and the mainland has submitted further details of the project.
Sweden's former foreign minister Johan Gustafsson, who was kidnapped in Mali in 2013, has been freed.
Goals from Will Grigg, Nick Powell and an own goal saw Wigan thrash struggling Blackburn at the DW Stadium.
Children with type 1 diabetes in Wales are being kept in hospital unnecessarily, according to new research.
Nottingham Forest fought back from a goal down to draw with Preston at the City Ground.
The father of a man shot dead during an anti-government protest in Venezuela has called on President Nicolás Maduro to help clear his son's name.
The author of the so-called "Boston tapes" has said he will fight a legal bid by US college researchers to access the material.
A tortoise has been stolen from a tank at a pet shop.
A case of bird flu has been confirmed at a farm in Boston, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
The UN refugee agency (UNHCR) has accused Cameroon of violating a deal with Nigeria to stop the forced return of people fleeing the Boko Haram Islamist insurgency.
The family of a schoolgirl who drowned in a swimming pool 17 years ago have won a High Court battle for compensation.
Middlesbrough midfielder Adama Carayol says he has been invited to play for the Gambia for the first time.
Burundi's ruling party has won parliamentary elections, the first since a wave of anti-government protests began in April.
More than 1,500 savings rate cuts have been made by banks in the past year, the BBC has learned.
The Forth Bridge has been awarded Unesco World Heritage Site status for its "outstanding universal value".
There was no mention of money in the Scottish FA's statement on Gordon Strachan's future as Scotland manager.
The planting of trees that soak up carbon dioxide from the atmosphere could help curb climate change, say German scientists.
Scotland's political parties have been making their final pitches to voters ahead of the general election on Thursday.
The family of Burkina Faso's ex-President Blaise Compaore have asked France to declassify military documents relating to his assassination, his lawyer says.
Rescue workers in the Indian state of Goa are searching for survivors after a bridge collapsed, killing at least 10 people.
Edinburgh has more traffic "pinch points" than any other city in the UK, according to new research.
A man has admitted secretly filming women and children in a Falkirk shopping centre.
Police in the US state of Texas have launched an investigation into allegations of human trafficking.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says his players will face the "hardest punishment" if they are found guilty of punching and kicking Hamilton Academical's Scott Swanson.
Sam Smith has been nominated for five Grammy Awards, including best new artist.
People across the UK are celebrating Eid al-Fitr, the end of the month-long Ramadan fast.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed and a shotgun was fired.
The partner of a transgender woman who killed herself in prison said she wanted to move to a women's prison, an inquest has heard.
The number of personal insolvencies in Scotland rose in the second quarter of the financial year, according to new figures.
Six children were seriously injured when a trailer they were travelling in overturned on a school trip.
Andy Murray remains on course to become the first British man to win three Grand Slam titles when he takes on Belgium in Sunday's Davis Cup final.
Anthony Joshua says he has been "pushed to places I've never been pushed before" as he prepares to fight Wladimir Klitschko on 29 April.
Pope Francis has called on the world to end its "complicit silence" over the persecution of Christians, at a Good Friday service in Rome.
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ordered the media not to use the name of the man accused of shooting dead 12 people at a cinema.
Bolivian authorities are scrambling to control a plague of locusts that has destroyed thousands of hectares of agricultural land.
Former Wales captain Gareth Edwards has been made a CBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours.
Scotland's World Cup qualifying hopes suffered a further blow as they were beaten 2-0 by England at Wembley.
The emperor penguin is more adaptable than previously thought to cope with the changing patterns of Antarctic sea ice, a study suggests.
A pair of polar bears have been introduced to a Scottish wildlife park in a bid to breed the species for the first time in the UK.
Michael Martin will race for the second year in a row in the Superbike class at this year's Isle of Man TT, replacing Martin McGuinness.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been taken to prison after being found guilty of killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
A whale has been spotted swimming in Belfast Harbour.
A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over the death of an African-American woman who was found hanged in her cell.
Shrewsbury Town were held to a goalless draw by Fleetwood Town in the first round of the EFL Cup.
Louis Tomlinson's "I love you" tweet has become the most retweeted in history.
A court in Chile has sentenced a German man to 20 years in prison for his role in the creation of a Nazi-style commune in the 1960s.
In the run-up to the general election, new MPs were asked to give their first speeches.
In a fairground, there would be a ring.
A community-run pub has been named the best in the UK in a competition to find the best community pub.
Mexico has launched an investigation into allegations of medical fraud in the eastern state of Veracruz.
Physicists at the Large Hadron Collider (LHCb) have observed the decay of a particle for the first time.
Gloucester City chairman David Hughes says the club's future is in doubt after their final home game of the season.
The funeral of a soldier who died while taking part in the London Marathon has taken place.
A teenager who was held at knifepoint and sexually assaulted by two men has spoken out for the first time.
A US soldier killed in an attack by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has been named by the US military.
Zac Efron, Kevin Hart and Meryl Streep were just some of the stars who took part in this year's MTV Movie Awards.
Plymouth Argyle striker Jordan Spencer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been left out of the club's 25-man Champions League squad.
An endangered bottlenose dolphin has died in Spain after being harassed by tourists.
Two men have been assaulted by a gang of men during a raid on a house in Dundee.
A Gwynedd doctor has started a challenge to get his patients to climb a mountain every day for a month.
Krishna Kewlani, a media professional from the western Indian city of Kolkata (Calcutta), is a champion for people with disabilities.
More than 1,000 properties across Northern Ireland were left without power on Saturday night.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in the early hours.
The majority of people in Edinburgh are "happy" with plans for a £500m cycle path, the city council has said.
The number of midwife training places in Wales needs to be sustained, a report has said.
The UK's involvement in the Iraq war "undoubtedly increased" the level of terrorist threat to the UK, the former head of MI5 has said.
The field for this year's Grand National has been announced, with favourite Many Clouds the biggest favourite.
Teachers' pay in Northern Ireland has not fallen by 20% since 2010, the chief executive of the Education Authority has said.
One of the biggest animal counts in the world is taking place at London Zoo.
The number of people arrested for drink-driving at UK airports has more than doubled in the past year, figures obtained by BBC Panorama show.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of murdering a 15-month-old boy whose body was found on the dark web, police say.
The Green Party's Caroline Lucas has said the party wants a second referendum on the final Brexit deal.
An NHS trust criticised for failing to protect patients at risk of suicide has been rated "outstanding" by inspectors.
Two members of Bangladesh's gay community have been hacked to death with machetes by suspected Islamist militants.
Rule the World, the first novice to win the Grand National, has been retired.
The first doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine are due to arrive in Liberia.
Police searching for a missing Inverness man have made a fresh attempt to find him.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, who played Coronation Street's Eddie Yeats, has died at the age of 74.
The number of women dying from lung cancer in Scotland has more than trebled in the past 40 years, according to new figures.
A search is due to begin for a Scottish botanist who has been missing in Vietnam for more than a month.
The price of petrol and diesel has risen by more than 5p per litre in the past month, according to the latest figures from the RAC.
A letter has been sent to Oxford Brookes University students warning them to "show consideration" for their neighbours.
The centenary of the birth of American playwright Arthur Miller is being marked with a series of events in London.
A visiting ban has been extended at a Merseyside hospital following an outbreak of norovirus.
A man has appeared in court accused of throwing acid in the faces of two men.
A court in Paris has ruled that Eurotunnel's bid to buy the French ferry firm SeaFrance is not financially viable.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a protest in Jordan's capital, Jordan City, against a new electoral law.
Milly Dowler's killer Levi Bellfield has asked for a copy of a tape recording of his confession to police.
Israel's cabinet has voted in favour of decriminalising personal use of marijuana.
Derek McInnes has "come up trumps" in his second season in charge of Aberdeen, according to former Dons defender Lee Thompson.
Romelu Lukaku has confirmed he is in talks with Everton about a new contract.
Uzbekistan's President Islam Karimov has died at the age of 90.
A previously unreleased Led Zeppelin session recorded for the BBC in 1971 has been released for the first time.
The National History Museum in Cardiff is marking the 800th anniversary of the Battle of Aberystwyth.
A prison officer has been stabbed in the head at a prison in County Antrim.
The number of people returning Christmas gifts is expected to hit record levels on Tuesday.
Northern Ireland's new health minister has called on people to embrace change.
The father of a schoolgirl who escaped unhurt in a coach crash in Belgium has said his daughter is still "emotionally not quite right".
Dundee moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership with victory over Motherwell, who had a goal ruled out for offside.
Former Dundee United midfielder Barry Daly has not ruled out a return to Rangers.
Ipswich's poor run of form continued as they were thrashed by Derby at Portman Road.
Oil prices have risen above $50 a barrel for the first time in more than a year.
A man who drove a Porsche around Beijing in under three minutes has been arrested, Chinese state media report.
Councils in England are not building enough affordable homes under the government's Right to Buy scheme, housing charity Shelter has said.
Russian MPs are set to approve a bill that would restrict foreign ownership of media outlets in the country.
Plans to demolish two fire stations in the West Midlands have been approved by councillors.
A man has been arrested after a car was stolen with two children inside.
Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Jamie Tubbs on loan.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has set out his proposals for dealing with the migrant crisis.
Northampton Town's former chairman, David Cardoza, and his father have been linked to a multi-million pound deal to redevelop the club's Sixfields stadium.
It has been an extraordinary week in Chechnya.
Haiti's former police chief Guy Philippe has appeared in court in the US on charges of drug trafficking and money laundering.
A health trust is offering free accommodation to new nurses in a bid to tackle a shortage of staff.
Police in India have arrested nine people in connection with the collapse of a building in the western city of Mumbai that killed more than 40 people.
France striker Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation over an alleged blackmail attempt for a sex tape.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle have signed midfielder Jordan Chow on a two-year deal.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive.
Lancashire moved up to second in Division One by beating Hampshire by an innings and 88 runs at Old Trafford.
Thousands of people are expected to take part in the UK's annual Christmas swims over the next few days.
Cao Lei, Chen Xiexia and Liu Chunhong have been banned for a year for doping at the 2012 Olympic Games.
The number of empty shops in Scottish towns and cities has improved over the last three years, according to a new study.
The UK will not be allowed to have "special discussions" with other member states during the Brexit negotiations, the EU has said.
Shares in Greece have fallen sharply after talks between Athens and its creditors broke up without a deal being reached.
German airline Lufthansa has launched a fresh legal challenge against a pilots' strike due to start on Tuesday.
Glastonbury Festival has admitted a charge of breaching the Environment Act after sewage leaked into a river.
Chancellor George Osborne has not been quite as austere as his critics suggest, the Institute for Fiscal Studies has said.
Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes has been released by Belgian club Standard Liege.
Rory Moriarty's British and Irish Lions training camp has been anything but dull.
Labour's Jeremy Hunt is to call for a cross-party review of the 14-19 education system in England.
Workers at Caterpillar's Northern Ireland operations have been told to prepare for possible job cuts.
The government should set a new target for world-beating broadband speeds by 2030, the Institute of Directors (IoD) has said.
A body found in a river was actually a bronze sculpture, police have said.
A man who was caught trying to meet a child for sex after being groomed online has been jailed for six years.
Solihull maintained their unbeaten start to the National League season with a 1-0 win at Bromley.
US President Barack Obama has said the US will take in an extra 110,000 refugees in his final UN address.
Former Liberal Democrat MP Nick Laws has said it is unlikely he will stand for election again.
Archaeologists working at the Corn Exchange in Brighton have discovered a number of ancient graves.
Mae Gwasanaeth Tân ac Achub Gogledd Cymru wedi cael eu gwagio rhag ofn gan fod mwg trwchus o gwmpas y lle.
Only 13 people have applied for funding to help those affected by flooding in York, the BBC has learned.
A woman who was seriously injured in a motorway crash which killed her friend has said she wants to help other victims.
Dissident Cuban activists have been detained in the capital, Havana, after staging a protest against the government.
The number of new cars sold in Scotland fell in March compared with the previous month, according to new figures.
Police are hunting a gang of men who have been impersonating police officers in Edinburgh city centre in a bid to steal money from tourists.
The European Commission has said it will not reopen trade talks with Canada, despite protests against the proposed CETA deal.
A chocolate artist has recreated ships from the Battle of Trafalgar to mark the centenary of the battle.
A man has survived a "rare" cardiac arrest after being shocked 17 times by paramedics.
Northern Ireland rower Katherine Grainger won a silver medal for Great Britain in the women's double sculls at the World Rowing Cup in Rotterdam.
Children's charity Kids Company was not told about allegations of sexual abuse at one of its sites, the BBC has learned.
A dog who is so popular at a supermarket he has his own social media page has been told to stop giving him treats.
Bradford City moved into the League One play-off places with victory over Swindon Town.
The new mayor of the South African city of Tshwane has scrapped the purchase of 10 luxury cars bought by the governing party.
The new owners of Bernard Matthews have agreed to honour workers' pension agreements, the Unite union has said.
A man in a wheelchair has blown himself up at China's Beijing International Airport, state media report.
One person has been taken to hospital after a tanker overturned on the M4 in Cardiff.
Twenty years ago, Jean-Marc Bosman took football's business model to court and won a landmark ruling that changed the way the game was played.
Dumfriesshire County Council has said it will continue to push ahead with plans for a new emergency centre in the town.
A council has said it will work with Legoland to improve traffic management after visitors complained of long queues to leave the park.
A care home has been told to make "significant improvements" to the way it cares for elderly and disabled residents.
YouTube star Connor Franta has revealed he's gay.
An 11-year-old girl has written a letter to the burglars who stole her and her brother's home.
A second teenager has been arrested in connection with a machete attack at a London shopping centre.
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has joined United Soccer League side Phoenix Rising.
Chelsea have completed the signing of midfielder Cesc Fabregas from Barcelona.
A 20-year-old New Zealand man is recovering in hospital after falling from the 14th floor of his apartment block.
Olympic heptathlon champion Jessica Ennis-Hill should take time to decide whether she wants to continue her career, says her coach Michele Minichiello.
Will Miller's stoppage-time equaliser earned Burton Albion a draw at Wolves in the Championship.
A heavily pregnant woman was threatened with a gun by a gang of men during a burglary at her Manchester home.
The number of people visiting town centres in the Scottish Borders rose by 3% last year, according to new figures.
The tiny Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan is one of the world's newest democracies.
Shelley Kerr's appointment as the new Scotland women's head coach is a "fantastic step" for the game, according to Motherwell striker Lee Grant.
The US Federal Reserve has raised its benchmark interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade.
Hundreds of people have attended a public meeting in Flintshire to discuss plans to close a community hospital.
Stoke City have signed midfielder Eric Choupo-Moting from German club Schalke for an undisclosed fee on a four-year deal.
Mark Connolly's late header earned Crawley a 1-0 win over Blackpool in League Two.
Assembly members have voted to give consent to the Wales Bill.
The BBC has been speaking to some of the people involved in the "Facebook revolution" in Egypt, who have been sharing their experiences on social media.
The SNP has won the Ayr East by-election.
An Italian court has overturned the manslaughter convictions of a group of earthquake experts.
A supplement that boosts the immune system could offer a new way to treat deadly bacterial infections, a study suggests.
Police and social services failed to properly investigate the extent of child sexual exploitation taking place in residential care homes, a report has found.
If you have ever wanted to know what it is like to be a zombie, then Train to Busan is the movie for you.
Congolese singer Olomide has been arrested in the capital, Kinshasa, in connection with an alleged assault on a Kenyan dancer.
Three convicted rapists have absconded from a minimum-security prison in Gloucestershire.
Celtic have appointed Brendan Rodgers as their new manager.
Rapper Kanye West has said he wants to work with Swedish furniture giant Ikea to create furniture for students.
Flights were delayed at Edinburgh Airport after a computer fault left passengers having to check in manually.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with drugs offences after a teenager was taken to hospital with a suspected drug overdose.
The Burmese government has set up a commission to investigate the violence that erupted in the western state of Rakhine in June, killing more than 50 people.
An extra year of education can boost the income of a mobster, a study has found.
Wigan Warriors have re-signed full-back Sam Tomkins from New Zealand Warriors on a two-year contract.
The chief executive of Airbus in the UK, Fabrice Bregier, has said it is "vital" for the company to make a stand in favour of Britain remaining in the European Union.
The US space agency (Nasa) says it has found the first Earth-like planet outside our Solar System.
A 21-year-old motorcyclist who was killed in a crash in Lancashire has been named by police.
Bournemouth goalkeeper Marcin Boruc has announced his retirement from international football.
Two buildings which are full of trees and shrubs are being built in China to help fight pollution.
Britain's Tom Daley missed out on a medal in the men's 10m platform at Rio 2016, despite scoring the highest score in Olympic history.
Alexis Sanchez scored the winner as holders Arsenal came from behind to beat Burnley and reach the FA Cup quarter-finals.
Finance Minister Arlene Foster is to brief her cabinet on the publication of a report into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland property loans.
The Twitter account of a Kent council has been hacked.
Amara is a student from Sierra Leone who's studying in Norwich.
The BBC is to extend its News at Ten programme for the first time in its history.
Premiership coaches are becoming "vulnerable" to being sacked, according to the Rugby Players' Association (RCA).
Former Leicester City defender Martin Keown has questioned Craig Shakespeare's future as Claudio Ranieri's assistant manager.
The family of a woman who took her own life after being discharged from hospital have described a report into her death as "a load of psycho babble and twaddle".
Japanese electronics giant Sony is to restart vinyl record production for the first time in more than 30 years.
A polar bear has been moved from her enclosure at a Scottish wildlife park in order to see if she is pregnant.
Being in the sun for 10 to 15 minutes several times a week is a safe balance between adequate vitamin D levels and any risk of skin cancer, say experts.
The government has announced new measures to tackle non-violent extremism, including the cancellation of passports for children aged under 16.
Campaigners are calling for a specialist muscular dystrophy centre to be set up in Wales.
Repairs to a flood-damaged bridge are to be carried out over the next two years.
Scottish light-welterweight champion Robert Burns fought to a draw against Mexican Andres Beltran at Glasgow's SSE Hydro.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march in the South African city of Durban to protest against recent xenophobic attacks.
A man has died after falling from a second floor window.
A committee of MPs has launched an inquiry into the government's plans to change the rules on so-called "purdah" in the run-up to the EU referendum.
A pensioner has become the first person in the UK to cash in his pot, ahead of changes to the rules.
An Iron Age "crannog" discovered on a Monmouthshire estate is thousands of years older than previously thought.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the A470 in Monmouthshire.
Nearly 4,000 NHS staff in the UK earn more than £150,000 a year, according to analysis by the Daily Mail and the Taxpayers' Alliance.
On the 100th anniversary of the start of one of the biggest battles of World War One, Martin looks back at what happened in the trenches.
The European Commission has defended David Cameron's plan to introduce an "emergency brake" on benefits for new EU migrants.
A teacher who sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl at a school has been given a two-year suspended sentence.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a 15-year-old boy was stabbed in the chest.
Republican presidential hopefuls clashed over taxes, immigration and the media in a fiery debate in Colorado.
A man whose body was found in his car has been named by police.
Ukraine's president has called for a "firm reaction" from the world to Russia's "brutal violation of the Minsk agreements" after pro-Russian rebels seized the strategic town of Debaltseve.
Coldplay have topped the UK album chart for the second week in a row with their new album, Revolution Radio.
Lee Clark has left Kilmarnock to become manager of League One side Bury until the end of the season.
The Turkish army has sacked three more senior military officials in the wake of last month's failed coup, officials say.
Councils across England are carrying out "urgent reviews" of high-rise buildings following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Mike Young, the creator of Welsh-language cartoon SuperTed, says he wants to make a new series of the character in Wales.
A bus carrying Egyptian pilgrims has crashed in Saudi Arabia, killing at least 11 people, the country's state news agency Mena has said.
Gateshead pensioner John Barnes has said he is "not ready" to meet the man who attacked him.
World number one Dustin Johnson has pulled out of the Open Championship at Royal Birkdale after suffering a back injury in a fall at his home.
Exeter secured their first win of the League Two season with victory over Cambridge at St James' Park.
The "whole presence" of Rolls-Royce in Derby could be put at risk if it moves research and development overseas, the Unite union has said.
Bangladesh cricket chief Wasim Khan has criticised Cricket Australia for postponing the tour of his country because of security concerns.
Scientists say they have discovered why birds are able to fight off a deadly fungus.
A passenger plane was forced to make an emergency landing after being struck by lightning.
Scientists have reconstructed the complete nervous system of an extinct arthropod using CT scans.
A woman has appeared in court charged with preventing the burial of a baby.
Villagers in Shropshire are calling for the reopening of a dual carriageway next to Stonehenge.
One of the UK's longest married couples have just celebrated their 86th anniversary.
Birmingham City have held talks with midfielder Scott Caddis about his future.
Australia pace bowler Mitchell Johnson says he is relishing the chance to show off his Ashes "scars" against England.
Edvald Boasson Hagen won stage 17 of the Tour de France to take the leader's yellow jersey.
An Orange hall in Londonderry has been vandalised.
At least three people have been killed after a "monster truck" crashed into a crowd of spectators at a car show in the Netherlands.
Labour is "walking in the opposite direction" on the key issues that will decide the next election, the party's immigration spokesman has said.
A fire station in Ipswich could close as part of £1.3m cuts.
The FBI has said it is "very concerned" about Apple and Google's plans to make their products more secure.
Drones should not be allowed to be used as weapons of war, according to Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt.
England and Northern Ireland are among the best performing education systems in Europe in maths and reading, according to a major study.
Defending champion Jordan Spieth will take a four-shot lead into the final round of the Masters after a disappointing third round for Rory McIlroy.
The UK is considering whether to carry out air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Two nursing home workers have been given a 12-month community order for the "grossly negligent" neglect of an elderly patient in Birmingham.
The number of babies born addicted to a harmful substance in Yorkshire and the Humber has fallen over the past four years, figures obtained by the BBC show.
Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway makers have apologised after a children's game was found to have some "ridiculous" answers.
Security has been stepped up in Berlin ahead of a Euro 2016 friendly between Germany and the Netherlands.
Scientists say they have solved the mystery of why reindeer avoid "shining flashes" on power lines in the Arctic.
Imax, the world's biggest cinema chain, has applied to list its shares in Hong Kong.
A teenager who died in a car crash with three friends had just passed his driving test, an inquest has heard.
A learner driver has been stopped by police for driving an £80,000 luxury car in south-east London.
Cincinnati Reds' Scooter Gennett became the first player to hit four home runs in a game since 1894 when he did it against the Baltimore Orioles.
The Chief Constable of West Yorkshire Police has been cleared of any wrongdoing.
Andy Murray won his first match since giving birth to daughter Sophia as Great Britain began their defence of the Davis Cup with a 2-1 lead over Japan.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has said he wants to be able to walk the streets of the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
Former England captain Rio Ferdinand's wife has died after a short battle with cancer.
A major search is under way for a missing teenager who was last seen on a beach on Dartmoor.
A man accused of stabbing a motorist to death had been wrongly diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome, a court has heard.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley has left the League One club after Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Scunthorpe.
The regulator Ofcom has announced the first areas to be considered for a new local TV network.
An RAF pilot has been airlifted to hospital after his jet was involved in a collision with another aircraft.
An Indian school textbook on vegetarianism has been branded "poison" by academics after a chapter claimed Eskimos are "lazy, sluggish and short-lived" because they live on "a diet largely of meat".
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a 16-year-old boy was hit and killed by a car at a petrol station.
"It's an interesting place to work, no two days are the same, you get to meet thousands of interesting visitors and everybody's here to have a good day out."
Athletes from Russia went to "great lengths" to avoid drugs tests at the 2014 World Championships, a report says.
A look at some of the key stories of the week in African politics.
A top aide to Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has been charged with corruption.
An international police agency is asking the public for help in tracing nine suspects involved in wildlife crime.
Shares in mainland China fell sharply on Wednesday after a survey showed the country's manufacturing sector contracted for a third month in a row.
Ulster have appointed Jono Gibbes as their new head coach from next season.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on trade unionists to join the party.
Three climbers have been rescued from the summit of the highest mountain on the Western Isles.
US regulators have given the go-ahead for China's ChemChina to buy Swiss pesticides and seeds giant Syngenta.
Swedish police are still trying to piece together the identity of a man who attacked a police officer with a machete before being shot dead.
Sam Baldock scored the only goal of the game as Brighton beat Wolves at the Amex Stadium.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed former Newport County and Millwall defender Chris Pidgeley on a one-month loan deal.
UKIP is "at a crossroads" and needs to be "radical" to become relevant again, the party's former donor Arron Banks has said.
The summer transfer window closed in Scotland at the end of last month and, for the second year in a row, only Celtic and Wolves were able to make significant signings.
Marta Díaz is not one of the millions of Venezuelans who live in poverty.
A man has been taken to hospital after his car crashed into the front of a pub in Wiltshire.
Fleetwood Town have signed on-loan Leicester City defender Ben Davis on a permanent deal.
Britain's David Grabarz won a silver medal in the men's heptathlon at the World Championships in London.
Celtic won the Scottish Cup for the fourth time in six years as Tom Rogic's late goal saw off Aberdeen at Hampden.
Northern Ireland Under-21 midfielder Ryan Kettings has signed a one-year contract with League Two side Colchester United.
Five men accused of being involved in the 9/11 attacks have appeared before a US military court for the first time.
Beyonce has been nominated for three Grammy Awards, making her the most-nominated artist ever.
The prime minister has said he will make extra money available to pay for a new football stadium in Cornwall.
Wayne Rooney is in talks with Manchester United over a new contract.
Mansfield Town have signed Cambridge United striker Scott Brown on loan until the end of the season.
A World War Two Spitfire has failed to sell at auction in London.
Two energy engineering firms have announced plans to create up to 1,700 jobs in Scotland.
Two hens have hatched chicks next to an animatronic wild boar at a Berkshire museum.
The government's immigration cap is "not fit for purpose" and could have caused a crisis in the NHS this winter, MPs have said.
The AA has said it will review its pricing policy in the wake of a rise in insurance premium tax.
Footballer Joe Allen spends his spare time with his family and pets - but there are plenty of other players who use their spare time in the same way.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he is in talks with the leaders of the Coptic and Orthodox churches about changing the date of Easter.
At least 24 civilians have been killed in Russian air strikes on the Islamic State-held Syrian city of Raqqa, activists say.
For years, the Range Rover has been the car of choice for many people in Solihull.
Bolton Wanderers have signed Shrewsbury Town defender Luke Caton on loan until the end of the season.
A US appeals court has refused to reinstate President Donald Trump's travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries.
Plans to replace professional library staff with volunteers have been dropped.
Goals from Steven Lee and Barry Bannan earned Sheffield Wednesday a draw against Burnley at Hillsborough.
Shares in Greggs have jumped more than 10% after the bakery chain reported a rise in sales for the third quarter.
Britain's Joachim Jung won Olympic gold in the eventing dressage for the first time since he took over from France's Christian Fischertakinou at the London 2012 Games.
Developers of new wind farms and other renewable energy projects in the UK are to be required to offer a stake in their business to local communities.
A 40-year-old man has been charged with shooting three cats in Surrey.
The Prince of Wales' Duchy of Cornwall has said there is "no simple solution" to a beach where a man died last month.
When you look at the foetuses of humpback whales, it's easy to see why they are so important to our understanding of life on Earth.
The Bank of England has kept interest rates on hold at 0.5%.
China has reacted angrily to an international tribunal's ruling that it has the right to most of the South China Sea.
Asian shares headed lower on Wednesday after the US economy grew at its slowest pace in more than two years.
David Warner hit a century as Australia and the West Indies played out a rain-affected draw in the third Test.
Hundreds of people have been rescued from floodwaters in the Bavarian town of Deggendorf after levees along two rivers broke.
A 25-year-old woman is in a serious condition in hospital after being assaulted in Caernarfon.
Two teenage boys have been arrested on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon after a "large and unpredictable" street party in east London.
Nigeria's national cricket team has been promoted to a new division in the World Cricket League, but what is it like to play the game in the country's commercial capital, Lagos?
UK interest rates could remain lower for longer than expected, the Bank of England's chief economist has said.
Taiwan's Foxconn, the world's biggest contract electronics maker, has reported a 15% rise in quarterly profits, helped by strong sales of iPhones and iPads.
In 1416, King Henry V walked from Shrewsbury to the shrine of St Winefride in Conwy to thank her for his victory at the Battle of Agincourt.
When Lewis Hamilton takes to the track at Interlagos on Sunday, he will be the first Formula 1 driver to win the Brazilian Grand Prix.
A man has been cleared of raping a student who later took her own life.
Up to 1,000 jobs are to go at a chemical plant in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Camelot, the mythical home of King Arthur, has been the subject of much speculation over the years.
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy is close to scoring again, says Foxes boss Claudio Ranieri.
Could the government ship be heading towards a collision with the Eurosceptic iceberg?
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of promising tax cuts for the wealthy while putting parents and social workers "in the firing line".
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed while trying to break up a fight.
West Indies beat Australia by three wickets to win the Women's World Twenty20 in Delhi.
UKIP AM Neil Gill has said he would give up his role as an MEP if asked by his party's new leader Paul Nuttall.
Residents of a street where Benefits Street was filmed have been offered a self-defence kit in a bid to stop the show being made in their area.
The Prison Officers' Association (POA) has agreed a deal with the government in its long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
A man has appealed for the identity of a photographer who took the last photograph of his wife before she died.
Ivory Coast has banned the use of so-called whitening creams, the country's pharmaceutical authority says.
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have clashed in the House of Lords over the government's Brexit plans.
At least 1,306 members of so-called Islamic State (IS) have been killed in UK air strikes in Iraq and Syria since 2014, the government has said.
A hacker has admitted he hacked into Norwich International Airport's website to see if he could gain access.
Plans to build a new railway station in Skelmersdale have been given the go-ahead.
A third man has been found guilty of murdering a man and burying his body in an outhouse.
When a major cyber-attack hit Ukraine last month, the impact was felt across the country.
Wasps moved to within three points of Premiership leaders Saracens with a bonus-point win over Sale.
Four people have been taken to hospital following a crash between a bus and a car in Edinburgh.
A British man accused of arranging the murder of his wife in South Africa has returned to the UK.
Up to half of the Â£50m Cuadrilla plans to spend on shale gas exploration in Lancashire will go to the county, it has said.
The daughter of Mexico's attorney-general has been sacked over her role in a raid on a restaurant.
Downing Street has said it hopes to work with the Burmese government to find and restore two missing Spitfire fighter planes.
A man and a woman have been rescued from the Brecon Beacons after getting into difficulty at Nant Peris.
The government has temporarily suspended its controversial fast-track system for asylum seekers in England and Wales.
For all the talk of greater fiscal self-determination in the wake of the prime minister's announcement that the UK would have more powers over tax and spending, one question remains unanswered: how much money will be transferred from England to the rest of the UK?
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager has gone on the run.
Two men arrested on suspicion of the murder of a man in Essex have been released on bail.
Fife-based interior fittings firm Havelock Europa is to spend £1m on a new office refurbishment project in London.
It was a tough time for the founders of BrewDog, one of the UK's fastest-growing craft breweries.
Sterling has fallen for a second day as uncertainty over the UK's membership of the EU continues to rattle markets.
A former TV producer jailed for 17 years for trying to hire a hitman to kill his partner has lodged an appeal.
The body of a British man killed fighting Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has been returned to the UK in an emotional ceremony.
A US appeals court has ruled that the National Security Agency's (NSA) bulk collection of phone records is unconstitutional.
Blackburn Rovers have re-signed West Bromwich Albion defender Martin Lindegaard on a season-long loan deal.
A Rottweiler seized by police was kept in kennels for two years before being destroyed, the BBC has learned.
Labour's Chuka Umunna has told the BBC there is "no glory in opposition" and the party will "betray" its people if it does not win the general election.
A Denbighshire man died after being hit by a boat while snorkelling in the Mediterranean, an inquest has heard.
A court in Iraq has sentenced to death 36 men for their part in the killing of more than 100 soldiers by so-called Islamic State (IS) in Tikrit in 2014.
Surf forecasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by online retailer Surfstitch for an undisclosed sum.
Spain's Sergio Garcia moved into a share of the lead after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic was delayed by bad weather.
Stuart Ambrose scored twice as Colchester United came from behind to beat Bradford City in League One.
Neolithic huts dating back 4,500 years have been put on display at Stonehenge as part of an archaeological project.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a "showusyourtaxes" protest in Washington DC calling for US President Donald Trump to release his tax returns.
New Zealand's Joseph Parker will fight Mexican Andres Ruiz Jr for the WBO heavyweight title in December, despite Tyson Fury's decision to vacate the title.
Pasg Hapus i chi i gyd!
Dylan Hartley will not be stripped of his England captaincy despite serving a two-match ban, says Ian Ritchie.
The father of a US student held in North Korea for 15 months has accused the country of keeping his son in a coma.
"The greatest fight of all time" is the slogan of the Ultimate Fighting Championship, the world's biggest mixed martial arts organisation.
A Mexican man has been charged with the 2010 murder of a US Border Patrol agent in Arizona.
The White House has condemned a series of bomb threats made to Jewish community centres in the US.
England's victory over Italy at Twickenham on Saturday was, in the words of one commentator, "one of the greatest victories in the history of the game".
Chinese search giant Baidu has announced it will open up its driverless car technology to the public.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect major disruption as a national strike by Network Rail workers gets under way.
Police in the Indian state of West Bengal say they have arrested a man in connection with the rape of a nun in March.
A Texas state senator has introduced a bill to ban the use of the Chilean flag as a substitute for the Lone Star state flag.
The Premier League has agreed a new US television rights deal for the next three seasons.
A road in Stafford town centre is to be closed as part of a £2.5m project to install new water pipes.
Turkey has summoned the Russian ambassador in Ankara over what it says was a violation of its airspace.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Rob Howley says his side are "getting there" in their bid to finish in the Premiership's top six.
League One side Peterborough United have extended the loan spell of Middlesbrough defender Chris Long.
Belgian cyclist Lizzie van den Driessche has been banned for six months after being found to have a hidden motor in her bike.
UFC featherweight champion Conor McGregor has found a new home in Las Vegas.
England have dropped fly-half George Ford for the second Test against Australia at Twickenham on Saturday in favour of Owen Farrell.
A Stranraer schoolgirl has launched a campaign to ensure a life-extending drug is made available on the NHS.
Lichfield want the Rugby Football Union to reconsider its decision not to include them in the new Women's Super Rugby competition.
The Football Association will "stand by" its decision not to call up six players for England's Under-21 side at Euro 2016, says performance director John Ashworth.
President-elect Donald Trump has said that he will be a "very pro-trade" president.
A police officer who helped deliver a baby has said it was "one of the most rewarding" days of his career.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill says he is "very positive" Manu Tuilagi will stay at the club.
A woman who falsely claimed she was gang raped and sexually assaulted has been jailed for six years.
A man who raped a 14-year-old girl has been jailed for 12 years.
Firefighters are still at the scene of a fire at a disused quarry on the outskirts of Inverness.
At least 60 homes have been flooded in Cambridgeshire after heavy rain.
The bodies of 43 students who went missing in Mexico in September could not have been burned, a human rights group has said.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
A five-year-old girl who was injured when a bouncy castle blew away during a football match has undergone surgery.
Former Fifa Women's World Player of the Year Abby Wambach has announced her retirement from international football.
The UK has the worst record in the world of breastfeeding, according to new research.
Glasgow Warriors have completed the signing of South African scrum-half Alex Kebble.
Widnes Vikings head coach Ian Betts says his side have not lost momentum despite slipping down the Super League table.
Kensington Palace has denied claims that Prince Andrew had sex with a 15-year-old girl when he was in his 30s.
Krystian Pearce rescued a point for Mansfield Town as they drew 1-1 at home to York City.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of robbery and grievous bodily harm after a man was found with serious head injuries in Brighton.
A Dundee man who forced a woman to have sex with a stranger has been jailed for six years.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Middlesbrough striker Steven Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.
The first temporary school buildings have arrived on the site of a West Sussex school destroyed by fire.
Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Martyn Davies says he is disappointed George North will not return to Scarlets.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova reached her first final of the year with a straight-set victory over third seed Simona Halep at the Aegon Classic in Birmingham.
A man has described how he was beaten with iron bars and nails by a gang of masked men at his home in County Londonderry.
A Denbighshire leisure centre is to undergo a major refurbishment.
More than 200 cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) are being investigated by West Yorkshire Police.
Police in the US have charged the driver of a pick-up truck with murder after dozens of people were found locked inside a trailer.
In our series of letters from female journalists, film-maker and columnist Zoe Ball reflects on her battle with anorexia.
An exhibition celebrating the Windrush generation has opened in Nottingham ahead of the city's carnival.
Shadow culture secretary Maria Eagle has accused Culture Secretary John Whittingdale of meddling in the BBC's day-to-day scheduling decisions.
An investigation has been launched after a woman with multiple sclerosis (MS) was told to walk to a concert.
The Philae comet lander has contacted Earth for the first time since going into hibernation, the European Space Agency (Esa) says.
A police officer who was called to an incident in Glasgow city centre took to the karaoke stage to sing Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
Worcestershire all-rounder Rilee Viljoen took five wickets to help his side beat Derbyshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will not engage in normal politics unless the government intervenes in the crisis at Stormont.
Northamptonshire seamer Chris Buck took 4-44 to help his side take control against Durham on day one at Chester-le-Street.
A specialist search team is continuing for a woman who has been missing for more than a month.
A charity that helps people with facial disfigurements has criticised adverts for a conference call service.
Gary Madine scored his first goal of the season as Bolton reached the second round of the EFL Cup with victory over Sheffield United.
Hundreds of French mosques have opened their doors to the public to mark the first anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo attacks.
A deal has been reached between the European Union and Norway to increase fishing quotas in the North Sea next year.
The pilot of a light aircraft that crashed into a field in Birmingham has been found safe and well in a pub.
For more than 200 years, the Swansea Canal was a vital part of the city's history, carrying thousands of tonnes of coal, iron and steel each year.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien are set to be fit for Ireland's Six Nations opener against Scotland on Saturday.
Private landlords in England are to be given new powers to evict illegal immigrants, the government has announced.
Dutch Justice Minister Jan Opstelten and Attorney-General Jan Teeven have resigned over a row over a payment to a convicted drug trafficker.
Matt Swankie scored a stoppage-time winner as Forfar Athletic beat Cowdenbeath 3-2 to go top of Scottish League Two.
Plans to build more than 100 homes in Carrbridge in Aviemore National Park have been refused.
A norovirus outbreak has been reported at a Cardiff hospital.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether China is once again in the shadow of the Mao era.
For decades, crocodile farmers in Australia have been gathering eggs from the animals' nests.
A fleet of gritters in Gloucestershire has been taken out of service for the first time in more than a year.
Meet the robots of the future and find out how they're changing our lives.
A former friend of the couple convicted of murdering Liam Fee has said they "don't even deserve a place in prison".
Plans for a £100m paper mill in Norfolk have been submitted to the government.
Hundreds of migrants and refugees have been moved out of the so-called Jungle camp in the French port city of Calais.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has called for an "immediate and unconditional humanitarian ceasefire" in Gaza.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after three people were stabbed in a town centre.
Plans to reduce the number of councils in Wales to eight have been unveiled by the environment minister.
US cable giant Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable (TWC) for $78.7bn (£50bn).
A survivor of sexual abuse at a boarding school has criticised the Scottish government's inquiry into child abuse.
Poland has rejected a request by a Russian biker group to allow its members into the country.
South Africa batsman Hashim Amla has resigned as Test captain after the second Test defeat by England.
Australia's economy grew by 0.5% in the three months to December, beating expectations, according to official figures.
The common cuckoo is one of the UK's favourite birds.
Mexican Sergio Perez has decided to stay with Force India for 2017.
A London council has dropped its legal bid to force a home schooled boy to attend school.
Scotland's Jamie Donaldson carded a six-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Swedish Open.
Women who have been subjected to female genital mutilation (FGM) in Wales should be offered medical help, a charity has said.
Scientists at IBM have discovered a new class of plastic that can be recycled and used again.
The UK has been "appallingly bad" at supporting small technology start-ups, according to the chief executive of Start-ups UK, Paul Woodford.
The first new gin distillery in the Scottish Borders in nearly 200 years has opened.
The site of a Nottingham cigarette factory which was destroyed in a fire last month is set to be demolished.
For more than a century men have enjoyed an advantage over women when it comes to life expectancy.
A man has been charged in the US state of Michigan for allegedly forcing a student with a severe peanut allergy to eat peanut butter.
Norway has turned down a proposal to split off a mountain in northern Finland to mark the country's independence from Russia.
The Scottish economy is likely to grow at the same rate this year as it did last, according to a new report.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said his wife "convinced" him to become secretary of state.
A football club has appealed for the identity of a bride-to-be who posed for a photo with them after their coach got stuck on a motorway following the collapse of a bridge.
A third person has been arrested on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences, police have said.
Sculptures of soldiers from the disbanded Devonshire, Dorset and Somerset Regiments are to be installed at the National Memorial Arboretum.
Aung San Suu Kyi, the opposition leader in Myanmar, made an impassioned speech in parliament last week.
A man who was caught on CCTV trying to rob a convenience store has been found guilty of attempted murder.
There is a "pattern of behaviour" within the police service where officers who make complaints about race are treated unfairly, the National Police Chiefs' Association says.
A hoard of 1,000-year-old silver coins has been declared treasure at an inquest in County Down.
A 15-year-old girl has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off Northumberland.
A British man is to be charged with causing the death of his girlfriend in a scooter crash in Thailand.
A 23-year-old woman has been jailed for 20 years for murdering a poker player in a "pitiless and wicked" attack.
As Philip Hammond prepares to deliver his Budget on Wednesday, BBC economics correspondent Mark Lowen asks whether there will be any "pats on the back" for the chancellor.
Manchester United have named England midfielder Shaw in their squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has told MSPs at Holyrood: "It's goodbye from me... for now".
Three hospitals in the US have been hit by a ransomware attack that encrypted files and demanded a fee to unlock them.
We're BodyPositive and we want you to join us.
David Cameron has said it is "unthinkable" that Fifa president Sepp Blatter should remain in charge of world football's governing body.
A restaurant owner in southern Spain has described a "stampede" in which a group of 20 diners left his restaurant in the middle of a meal.
The number of livestock worrying incidents in Scotland has more than doubled in the past year, according to police.
Force India have confirmed French teenager Esteban Ocon as their new driver for 2017.
Residents at a care home in Bristol are being treated like "objects", a report has said.
Dog owners are used to talking to their pets in different languages.
Three men have been found guilty of murdering a rival drug dealer in a turf war.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Emmanuel Akpan has been given a three-game touchline ban after being found guilty of violent conduct.
Bristol Rovers have signed Welling United midfielder Ben Jefford on loan until the end of the season.
Bristol City maintained their 100% start to the Championship season with a hard-fought victory over Cardiff City.
Adam Voges and Dawid Malan hit centuries to put Middlesex in a strong position against Hampshire on day two at Lord's.
Families in south-east London who rely on specialist formula for their babies are being told they will have to buy it online.
The sight of smears on a touchscreen is a familiar one.
More than 5,000 people have signed up to be a stem cell donor for a Cardiff University student who has leukaemia.
A toddler who was born with part of a twin in her pelvis has undergone "daunting" surgery in Australia.
A man has been charged with murder following the death of another man in Dundee.
A man has died in a fire at a retirement home in Fife.
Wycombe Wanderers have re-signed goalkeeper Mark Cooper on a one-year contract.
It is the time of year when thousands of people descend on Aintree for the three-day Grand National and Ladies' Day.
A woman died after being refused admission to a critical care unit at Nottingham's King's Mill Hospital, an inquest has heard.
Michael Horan has been elected as the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association.
Former England batsman Michael Vaughan has retired from international cricket at the age of 40.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has dismissed speculation linking Jamie Walker with a move to Rangers.
Michael van Gerwen won his second PDC World Darts Championship title with a 7-5 victory over Mark Wright in the final at Alexandra Palace.
If the EU referendum is to be a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union, what will Northern Ireland's political parties make of it?
Scotland defender Chris Greer says he is "open to anything" as he looks for a new club.
Defence is one of the most important issues facing the UK.
Lord Avebury, a Liberal Democrat peer and former MP, has died at the age of 83.
The number of council homes sold in Scotland has risen for the first time since before the recession, according to official figures.
Boris Johnson is behaving "irresponsibly" and " recklessly" in the EU referendum campaign, Lord Heseltine has said.
Police have released images of two women they want to speak to in connection with a serious sexual assault.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against planned cuts to children's centres in Oxfordshire.
Crystal Palace maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Everton at Goodison Park.
Teachers received more than £16m in personal injury compensation last year, according to figures from the NASUWT union.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) is one of the most high-profile trade deals in recent years.
Bristol director of rugby Dean Robinson says the departure of Steve Borthwick as England forwards coach has "kicked" the club.
German exports and factory production fell in November as the country's economic recovery continued to slow, official figures show.
A British Red Cross volunteer who helped the victims of the Shoreham air disaster has been made a CBE in the New Year Honours.
The Financial Reporting Council (FRC) should be "stronger" in tackling corporate governance failings, Lord Myners, the author of the Cadbury code, has said.
A giant gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled by comedian Uri Geller in Shropshire.
Vladimir Putin and France's far-right National Front leader, Marine Le Pen, met in Moscow on Tuesday.
The Welsh Liberal Democrats have pledged to create 100,000 new apprentices over the next five years.
Vodafone has said it will strengthen its regulatory and public policy activities in Brussels following the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
A man who boasted about raping a baby on social media has been jailed.
A police officer who recorded the wrong date of birth for a man arrested for a firearms offence has been disciplined.
Defending champions Caroline Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic won their fourth WTA title of the year at the Australian Open.
Wales coach Warren Gatland said his side were not good enough to beat South Africa in their World Cup quarter-final defeat.
Gatwick Airport has said it will "take on the main risks" of building a second runway at the south-east England airport.
Carlisle United have signed Dutch winger Pedro on a one-year deal after he impressed in pre-season.
Boris Johnson's political career has been a rollercoaster of highs and lows.
League One strugglers Crewe Alexandra have re-signed Bury striker Chris Lowe on loan until the end of the season.
A British tourist who was jailed in Malaysia for stripping off in public has left the country.
Ethiopia has come a long way in the last seven years.
In a small room on the outskirts of the Turkish town of Suruc, a group of mothers are crying.
Burglars have targeted a memorial at Lincoln's Bomber Command Centre for the second time in a month.
League Two side Northampton Town have been placed into administration.
Shares of two Hong Kong-based financial firms have fallen sharply following a sharp sell-off in their shares.
Two Labour MPs have resigned from Jeremy Corbyn's front bench in the wake of his reshuffle.
The news that more than 70% of Premier League season tickets have been frozen or reduced this year is welcome news for football fans.
Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja and his wife have been fined for taking selfies with endangered Asiatic lions.
A man charged with the attempted murder of two schoolboys in Hampshire has died in prison.
The number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) characters on US television has risen to a record high, according to a new report.
Nick Clegg's office has accused Education Secretary Michael Gove of raiding £400m from the Basic Need Budget to fund free schools in England.
The candidates for the Tower Hamlets mayoral election have been announced.
The Copper Box at the Olympic Park was once home to some of the world's best handball players.
Leigh Centurions half-back Joe Chase says he is in the best mental shape he has ever been following his return to the club.
Olympic silver medallist Wayne Rooney says it would be "amazing" to receive his Beijing 2008 medal in front of a British crowd.
Scientists say they have found a gene that could explain why some people enjoy coffee more than others.
Thailand's Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn has been invited to succeed his late father, King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
DUP MP Sammy Wilson has said he will not put his name forward for the party's leadership.
First Minister Carwyn Jones says she hopes to pass on her Welsh heritage to her young son when she presents The One Show from Cardiff.
A Catholic bishop in Northern Ireland has said the church is "not up to pace" with the debate on same-sex marriage.
The body of a man has been found at a house in Oxford.
A Chinese company has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to export a coating for a nuclear power plant in Pakistan.
The director of the first Ghostbusters film has said he wants to "expand the Ghostbusters universe".
Rail passengers between south Wales and London are being advised to check their journeys ahead of major improvements.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a rally in Catalonia calling for independence from Spain.
Prince Harry has shared some photos from his visit to a children's home in South Africa.
Taxi-booking apps such as Uber have been banned in Singapore under new regulations.
Steven Finn and Chris Woakes will replace injured pace bowlers James Anderson and Stuart Broad for England in the first Test against South Africa in Durban.
When a police dog was shot in the head with a crossbow bolt, it was thought he would never walk again.
A man and a woman have died in a house fire in Aberdeenshire.
Four men have been charged with attempted murder after shots were fired at a protest camp in the US city of Minneapolis.
The prime minister of Lesotho has said he will not return to the country after the army staged a coup.
A Plaid Cymru AM has said his home has been broken into for the second time in less than a year.
Campaigners fighting the building of electricity pylons in the Lake District have walked through the National Park to highlight their concerns.
Photographs by Raul Roman and Lonnie Schlein have been released to mark the 20th anniversary of the end of the Vietnam War.
The mayor of the US city of Baltimore has lifted a curfew imposed in the wake of the death of a black man in police custody.
Ross County have signed Aberdeen goalkeeper David Quinn on loan until the end of the season.
Nottingham Forest moved into the Championship play-off places with victory over Birmingham City, but left-back Andreas Bendtner was taken off on a stretcher.
Lancashire's Alviro Petersen hit his 41st first-class century to put his side in a strong position against Gloucestershire at Lord's.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street were little changed on Tuesday after the release of hacked emails from the Trump campaign.
David Cameron has said leaving the European Union would be a "big mistake" for the UK.
Sebastian Coe has been elected president of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF).
York City have signed Forest Green Rovers left-back Omar Khamdjo on a one-year deal.
Sunderland defender Emmanuel Eboue has had his contract terminated after being banned by Fifa for six months.
A neighbour has told the trial of two men accused of throwing sulphuric acid in the face of the Daily Record's editor that he tried to wash the acid off his face.
Thousands of Vauxhall Zafira cars could be at risk of catching fire, the company has warned.
As the race for the Republican presidential nomination enters its final days, Donald Trump and his supporters are complaining that the process is "rigged" and "crooked".
If you want to be a Jedi Knight but don't have a lightsaber, you might want to consider trying lightsabers.
A man has died in a two-car crash in Dorset.
The US government has given conditional approval for Royal Dutch Shell to resume oil and gas drilling in the Chukchi Sea in Alaska.
A man has admitted murdering a teacher who was found dead in a hotel room in January.
Oscar Pistorius, South Africa's double-amputee Paralympic champion, has been charged with the murder of his girlfriend.
Turkey is blocking access to the Tor network, a monitoring group has said.
Middlesbrough midfielder Federico Fazio has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
Rugby union has long been one of Japan's lesser-known sports, but it has been on the rise in recent years.
Islamic State (IS) militants have launched a fresh assault on the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra, near the Iraqi border.
A Co-op supermarket sign has been painted over with the word "left" instead of "right".
Former Bath director of rugby Steve Guscott says his side are capable of ending Leicester's 25-year dominance of English rugby.
A "tax on work" has come into force in Nottingham, with many employers passing on the cost to their staff.
Former Newcastle United boss Steve McClaren says he "compromised too much" during his time at St James' Park.
Celtic midfielder Patrick Roberts says he is "proud" of his decision not to join the Scotland squad for the Under-20 World Cup.
Plans have been drawn up to transform one of Wales' most iconic buildings into a postgraduate centre.
Voters in 18 council areas are to be asked to show identification before casting their ballots, the government has announced.
Nottinghamshire's Sean Mullaney hit an unbeaten century as Surrey struggled on day one of their One-Day Cup match at The Oval.
The family of a terminally ill man who died at Dignitas clinic in Switzerland have said they are "in a state of all-consuming grief".
A campaign has been launched to get the Welsh assembly to introduce a road safety campaign for horses.
A book about the death of a Welsh Guards soldier in Afghanistan has won this year's Man Booker Prize.
Deaf and partially sighted students have said they are "very concerned" by government plans to cut funding for disabled students.
An author has been forced to cover up promotional material at a Women's Institute (WI) event after it was deemed "too risque".
Ireland flanker CJ Stander says Conor Murray will not be given an "armchair ride" by Glasgow Warriors when the sides meet at Murrayfield on Saturday.
A large-scale trial to see if losing weight can reduce the risk of cancer recurrence has been launched at the American Society of Clinical Oncology.
Leon Goretzka scored twice as Germany beat Mexico 4-1 to set up a Confederations Cup final against Portugal.
Eddie Izzard has completed a gruelling 27-marathon challenge in South Africa to raise money for charity.
Norwich City boss Alex Neil says his side deserved their 1-0 win over Preston North End.
Crotone kept their Serie A status for another season as they beat 10-man Lazio 3-1 despite having Bastos sent off.
Guy Ritchie's adaptation of The Man From U.N.C.L.E is to star Richard Grant, according to reports.
Nigeria's economy shrank by 0.3% in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by gains in energy and carmakers.
In the run-up to World War Two, Nicholas Winton played a key role in the rescue of Jewish children from Nazi-occupied countries.
A record number of prisoners escaped from jails in England and Wales in 2016-17, new figures show.
A £5 coin to be struck in honour of Prince George has been unveiled by the Royal Mint.
A new North East Coast Exhibition is to be held in Newcastle and Gateshead next year.
The mother of a 21-year-old man who was stabbed to death in Dublin has appeared in court charged with his murder.
Juventus kept alive their hopes of winning the Serie A and Champions League titles in the same season with a comfortable win over Crotone.
Newcastle United clinched the Championship title with victory over Barnsley at St James' Park.
Two men have been charged with murder following the death of a man who was stabbed outside a supermarket.
When I was a teenager I made a speech at a school debating competition calling for Yorkshire to be independent.
Barratt Homes has announced plans to build more than 200 homes at two new developments in Edinburgh.
Britain's Katie Page won Olympic silver in the women's trampoline final in Rio.
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester beat Liverpool to move six points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Shakespeare's birthplace, the Tithe Barn and the Tower of London are among hundreds of medieval symbols that have been found in England and Wales.
The tall chimney at Didcot power station appears to have come down, according to social media users.
A cross-Solent ferry service between the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth has been provisionally agreed by Hovertravel.
The number of cruise liner visits to Guernsey last year was the lowest since 1987, according to the island's harbour master.
The man in charge of Titanic Belfast's visitors' centre has said Northern Ireland needs to be "mature enough" to take advantage of its attractions.
A man who went missing from a mental health unit in Sussex has handed himself in to police.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police, who led the country's largest manhunt, is to retire.
Hartlepool missed the chance to go top of League Two as they were beaten at home by Barnet.
Sunderland defender Christian Kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Austria striker Arjen Harnik has been ruled out of Saturday's friendly against Slovenia in Vienna because of a hamstring injury.
Nottingham Forest manager Philippe Montanier says the League Cup is the only way his side can qualify for the Europa League.
A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport following a technical fault.
The number of people visiting a sculpture of ceramic poppies in Leeds has risen by 170% since it was unveiled last year.
Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has announced he is gay.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) is to review all deaths linked to a paramilitary unit in the 1970s.
A dispersal order has been issued in an Anglesey town following a spate of anti-social behaviour.
A boxer has been jailed for 26 weeks after being found guilty of assaulting his girlfriend.
US Christian missionary Kenneth Bae has been returned to a North Korean labour camp, the US state department says.
Three seaside piers in Lancashire have been put up for sale.
South Africa are to begin the search for a new head coach ahead of next month's tour of England.
The security of UK internet service providers (ISPs) has not improved since the TalkTalk hack, a security expert has told the BBC.
A number of online gambling companies are likely to be breaking consumer law, the UK's competition watchdog has said.
An inquest into the death of singer Lil' Chris has been opened and adjourned.
Northern Ireland's performance in the 1-0 defeat by Poland in Nice was not good enough to qualify for the last 16 of Euro 2016.
Electrical stimulation of a specific part of the brain may improve maths skills, according to researchers at Cardiff University.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a car in West Yorkshire has been named by police.
Leaked documents have revealed the extent of the US government's surveillance programme, known as Prism.
Rory McIlroy will miss the first two rounds of the Dubai Desert Classic because of a stomach bug.
Warwickshire and England batsman Ian Bell has stepped down as captain of the Bears.
French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve has said he will sue a policewoman who says she was ordered to report the presence of national police at the scene of the Nice attack.
Lewis Hamilton said he had a "very, very odd weekend" after failing to win the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Kizza Besigye is a former doctor who rose to prominence in the 1980s when he fought alongside President Yoweri Museveni in the bush war against Idi Amin.
A Cardiff man has said he fears for his pets after discovering a colony ofTube web spiders in his garden.
Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland has reported a pre-tax profit of £14m for the year to the end of March.
A murder investigation has been launched after the body of a man was found in Manchester city centre.
A Nobel Prize-winning scientist has apologised for making "sexist" remarks about women in science.
The number of people in England needing social care has fallen by more than a third in the past five years, figures show.
A former Bolivian air traffic control officer has accused her superiors of pressuring her to change a report before a plane crash that killed most of a Brazilian football team.
Nine members of a banned Chinese cult have been charged with the murder of a woman at a McDonald's restaurant.
Katy Perry has said she wants to end her long-running feud with Taylor Swift.
A vigil has been held in Cardiff Bay to pay tribute to the 129 people killed in the Paris terror attacks.
Chesterfield director of football Steve Turner has left the League One club by mutual consent.
The Welsh government has been accused of failing to publish an internal audit into the way it spent more than £1m in 2014/15.
Plans for a new film and television studio in Aberdeen have been given the go-ahead.
Prue Leith is to step down as a judge on BBC One's Great British Menu after 11 series.
Abdallah El Said scored a late winner as Egypt beat Uganda 1-0 in their final Group D game at the Africa Cup of Nations.
Dogs could be banned from play areas in parks in Oxford under plans being considered by the city council.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the state of Zimbabwe's economy.
Plans to turn Stafford University's Old Bailey building into a student centre have been approved.
Rescuers in Greenland are continuing to search for survivors of a tsunami that hit the country on Sunday.
A man has died after the car he was travelling in collided with a lorry on the A1 in Londonderry.
Theresa May is to meet US President Donald Trump in Washington later this month, the White House has confirmed.
The US State Department asked the FBI to change the classification level of a classified email sent by Hillary Clinton, newly released documents show.
London is the most expensive city in the world to travel on public transport, according to a new report.
Gillingham manager Keith Pennock says the club need to sign more players if they are to challenge for promotion.
Steam, the world's biggest digital games retailer, has struck a deal with film studio Lionsgate to release video content.
Mexican police have arrested three more people over the escape of drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman earlier this month.
The opening of a new secondary school in the Highlands has been delayed because of delays in building work.
The Chancellor Philip Hammond has announced changes to the way VAT is paid by small businesses.
The government's plans to make five GCSE subjects compulsory are "unfair", the chief inspector of secondary schools has said.
The Royal Navy's new aircraft carrier will be based at Portsmouth, it has been announced.
A man who has been missing for more than two weeks has been spotted by a former colleague in London.
Fishermen off the coast of Wales are being asked to report any sightings of a rare species of shark.
A volcano in the US state of Hawaii has been spewing lava into the air.
Lawyers for the Republic of Ireland's state broadcaster, RTÉ, have dropped a bid to have an injunction against it lifted.
Team Sky's Sergio Henao has been suspended by cycling's world governing body, the UCI.
A US aid worker who was kidnapped in Syria three years ago has been released, the US State Department says.
A review into the murder of Belfast solicitor Pat Finucane has found senior Army and RUC officers were involved in the plot to kill him.
Scottish Football Association chief executive Martin Wishart has called for a "proper and adult discussion" on gambling in the game.
The white police officer accused of killing a black teenager in Chicago in 2014 has pleaded not guilty.
The Independent newspaper is to close its print editions in March, its owners have confirmed.
League Two side Newport County have turned down a bid from Gillingham for midfielder Luke Byrne, according to head coach Justin Edinburgh.
The Bank of England has announced the introduction of a new plastic fiver, which it says will last up to five years.
An Australian man who survived six days without food or water by eating ants has said he is lucky to be alive.
Tottenham were "not ready to fight for the Premier League" in their 2-0 defeat by Liverpool, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
Syrian government forces have recaptured a key district of the city of Homs, state media say.
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka was racially abused by a member of staff at Heathrow Airport, the BBC understands.
Protesters in Abkhazia have taken to the streets in the capital, Sukhumi, calling for the resignation of the de facto president.
An Indian woman has thanked the country's railway ministry for helping her when she needed milk for her baby.
Kasabian have been criticised for using the word "psycho" in a video for their new single.
Premier League football clubs have denied doping claims made by the Sunday Times.
A campaign to elect a directly-elected mayor for Cardiff has failed to reach its target, a councillor has claimed.
The closure of two Royal Navy bases in Hampshire will have a "devastating" impact on the local economy, a council has said.
The Nigerian military says most of the schoolgirls abducted in the north-eastern town of Chibok on Tuesday have escaped from their captors.
Ten men have been arrested in a raid on a suspected illegal cigarette factory in Birmingham.
The way Surrey Police investigates serious crime is "still not good enough", the police watchdog has said.
The BBC's global iPlayer app will close on 26 June, the corporation has confirmed.
The only surviving Victorian "reception house" used to house the dead has been given listed status.
An exhibition in Iran of cartoonists' depictions of Donald Trump has drawn comparisons with Adolf Hitler.
Bernie Sanders has been the top trending topic on social media in the US over the past 24 hours.
Port Vale beat West Bromwich Albion to reach the second round of the FA Cup.
Cambridge United have re-signed midfielder Chris Keane on a one-month loan deal from Oxford United.
A woman has been left "very upset" after a raid on her home in the Highlands.
Tributes have been paid to the six people who died after a lorry crashed into a crowd in Glasgow city centre.
England finished third at the World Rugby Under-20 Championship in Georgia with a 24-10 win over New Zealand.
Traffic on the M1 in Northamptonshire has been disrupted after a lorry overturned.
Jelena Abramovic has opened her latest exhibition at the Serpentine Gallery in London, where she has invited the public to "be present".
The Irish foreign minister has said there is a willingness on all sides in Northern Ireland to engage constructively in talks to restore power-sharing.
An engineering firm in the Highlands is to create more than 200 new jobs after securing £10m of funding.
Tributes have been paid to an 82-year-old woman who was murdered in her Fife home.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in Chile as wildfires continue to burn in the country.
The US has condemned as "deeply troubling" Israel's plans to build new homes in the occupied West Bank.
A judge has said it is in the best interests of the children of a couple arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences to return home.
A statue has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of a strike by women chainmakers in the Black Country.
The return of more than 600 young people from Somalia to Kenya poses a threat to security in the country, a report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says.
A woman in her 20s has died in a crash in Londonderry.
The Department of Health has defended its handling of a strike by midwives in Northern Ireland.
Two 15-year-old boys from South Tyneside have been arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images of children.
A teenager has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to life in prison for killing four of his comrades in revenge for bullying.
Toyota is to invest £100m in its UK plant to upgrade its production lines.
More public money is needed to improve the quality of football pitches in Wales, the head of the country's governing body has said.
The leader of South Africa's main opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) has announced she is to step down.
Chris Eubank Jr has offered to hand over his British super-middleweight title as a "goodwill gesture" to fellow boxer Ryan Blackwell.
A family in the US state of Alaska were told their son had been killed in a car crash, only to find out he was alive and well.
League One side Notts County have signed Queens Park Rangers midfielder Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.
Scotland's top law officer has told the Supreme Court it would be "fatal" for Holyrood to rely on devolution when it comes to Brexit.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in Coleraine, County Londonderry.
Gardaí (Irish police) have said that claims that Gerry Adams was involved in the murder of former IRA spy David Donaldson are "absolute nonsense".
A memorial has been unveiled for a British World War Two medic who worked at a Nazi death camp.
A pipe bomb has been found on a road in Dumfries and Galloway.
Nico Rosberg headed a Red Bull one-two in final practice at the Singapore Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton struggled.
A nursery in Ceredigion has been forced to close after an intruder broke into its play area.
Home improvement retailer Kingfisher has agreed to sell its B&Q business in China to Wumei Holdings.
Canada and the European Union have failed to reach an agreement on a free trade deal after Belgium rejected it.
Survivors of the Merthyr Tydfil disaster have told their stories at a conference in Cardiff.
The Last Samuri will carry 11st 10lb when the Grand National gets under way on Saturday.
Former England and Norwich City footballer Jamie McKenzie will make his professional debut next month.
The RSPB has issued a warning about the dangers of plastic bags following the discovery of a rare bird on a Scottish loch.
A man has been found dead in a street in Manchester.
Nottinghamshire voted overwhelmingly to leave the European Union, with less than a third of people voting to remain.
Edin Dzeko scored twice as Roma beat Bologna to move back into third place in Serie A.
The culture secretary's decision to award a grant to the organisers of the T in the Park festival was "legitimate", Audit Scotland has said.
Anthony Joshua has the "b brutish strength" of George Foreman and Frank Bruno, says former world champion Chris Harrison.
The sudden death of Jayaram Jayalalitha, the former chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, has shocked the country.
Police investigating the death of a man whose remains were found on a motorway have released more details of his clothing.
More than 100 soldiers have been killed in a Taliban attack on an Afghan army base, the defence ministry says.
Great Britain's Davis Cup team have reached the semi-finals for only the second time in their history.
The Asylum Information Centre in Belgrade is not far from the main bus station in the Serbian capital.
New Falkirk manager Peter Houston has set his sights on the Championship play-offs.
A man has died after being found unconscious in the River Tawe in Truro.
Kilcoo produced a superb second-half display to beat 10-man Scotstown 1-12 to 0-11 and set up a Ulster SFC semi-final against Kilcar.
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins says she would love to qualify for the 2016 Rio Olympics.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has announced that he will not seek re-election in May.
A second inquest into the death of Cumbrian toddler Poppi Worthington has been adjourned.
The US space company United Launch Alliance (ULA) has unveiled a new design for its next-generation rocket.
The death of A$AP Mob founder Steven Rodriguez has been ruled an accident.
Sheffield Wednesday manager Karl Saunders is investigating claims striker Mame Biram Diouf was seen in a nightclub hours before the club's most recent game.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes insists his side are not intimidated by the prospect of facing Europa League favourites Maribor.
Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will play together in the fourballs for Europe in the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine on Saturday.
Rents for top-quality office space in Belfast have risen for the second year in a row, according to new figures.
The nuclear disaster at the Fukushima Daiichi plant in Japan in 2011 was the worst in the history of nuclear power.
A police helicopter was targeted by a laser beam while flying over Northamptonshire.
An artificial intelligence system that can read people's lips has been developed by researchers at Oxford University.
Theresa May has been trying to reassure world leaders that the UK is still a strong and open country after it leaves the EU.
Scientists in Australia say they have found a way to stop the spread of cane toads across the continent.
Pakistan coach Waqar Younis says the International Cricket Council (ICC) is not investigating their Test match defeat by England.
Google is to remove unskippable 30-second adverts from its YouTube video service.
Wales have recalled midfielders Chris Chester and Chris Matthews for Saturday's Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium in Cardiff.
A Christian-run bakery that refused to make a cake with a cartoon of the Prophet Muhammad has told a court it could face legal action.
Athletics governing body European Athletics has recommended that some world records should be wiped from the books.
A man forced to work as a slave for £20 a day was allowed to live with the Connors family, Cardiff Crown Court has heard.
A 19-year-old woman has died in hospital following a two-vehicle crash in east Belfast.
Rugby union's hall of fame has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
The first female commanding officer has been appointed at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst.
A jewellers in Teesside has been robbed for the second time in less than a month.
Middlesex opener Paul Stirling and Sam Robson hit centuries on the opening day of the County Championship match against Yorkshire at Lord's.
A woman has been left blind in one eye after being hit by a laser pen held by two teenage boys in Edinburgh.
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson had a "callous" personality disorder, a psychiatrist has told a court.
The US economy added fewer jobs than expected in May, as the economy continues to grow at its slowest pace since 2009.
Reading midfielder Paul McAnuff says he would like to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
The average person in the world takes just 4,961 steps a day, according to a study of smartphone activity data.
NHS Direct is seeking to transfer its remaining contracts for the NHS 111 helpline in England.
Plans for a new justice centre in Inverness have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Cardiff City chairman Mehmet Dalman says manager Russell Slade knows the pressures facing the club.
The High Court has ruled in favour of HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) in a case involving the retailer Next.
Artist Banksy is among the nominees for this year's South Bank Sky Arts Awards.
The widower of murdered MP Jo Cox has been awarded the George Cross for bravery.
A Scottish Paralympic athlete has said he is "over the moon" after being told he does not have a brain tumour.
It could be over in a matter of hours.
Guy Martin has been ruled out of this year's Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod.
Cynthia, one of the survivors of the al-Shabab attack in Garissa, shook her head as if to clear it.
The price of carbon permits in the European Union has fallen below 5 euros a tonne for the first time since 2009.
Ghana's government has fined a private company $1.5m (£1.1m) for overspending on refurbishing buses and branding them with portraits of the president.
French police have arrested four people suspected of being involved in the recruitment of jihadists, officials say.
The inquests into the deaths of 96 people at Hillsborough have heard how the stadium was set up for the 1989 FA Cup semi-final.
The man who led the searches for the Disappeared in Northern Ireland has died.
Plans to test drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been submitted to the county council.
A mother has spoken of her "complete loss of faith" in the NHS after her son had a plastic angel stuck in his oesophagus.
Malaysia has cancelled a concert by US singer Erykah Badu after a newspaper published a photo of her with tattoos that included the word "Allah".
A loggerhead turtle found washed up on two British beaches has died, an aquarium has confirmed.
With the ICC Women's Championship coming to an end, Heather Knight reflects on her year as England captain.
Wigan Warriors have re-signed England full-back Sam Tomkins from Premiership rivals Saracens.
Sheffield Wednesday defender Callum Wildsmith has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Carlisle United manager Kevin Cox has said he will not be tempted to sell striker Joe Cook.
Luke Procter's maiden first-class century gave Lancashire the upper hand against Hampshire on day three at Old Trafford.
England captain Dylan Hartley says his side have "a lot of work to do" after completing a 3-0 series win over Australia.
A giant panda at Hong Kong's Ocean Park is due to give birth to its first cub, zoo officials have confirmed.
The number of people killed in a fire at a nightclub in the Romanian capital Bucharest on Friday has risen to 39, officials say.
A woman has admitted killing a man who was found dead at a house in Lincolnshire.
An NHS trust has been ordered to pay £3.6m to the family of a baby girl who suffered severe brain injuries at birth.
A nine-year-old boy should be placed in foster care after concerns were raised about his family history, a judge has ruled.
The family of a woman who was stabbed to death by her ex-boyfriend have lost their appeal against a ruling that police failed to protect her.
Facebook has been told by a Belgian watchdog to do more to protect the privacy of its users.
ITV has commissioned a sixth series of Downton Abbey.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she and Chancellor Philip Hammond will "still be neighbours" after the general election.
Community Health Councils (CHCs) in Wales say they are "disappointed" that they have been described as "the best kept secret" in the NHS.
Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese's musical drama Vinyl has been cancelled by HBO.
One child in Northern Ireland contacted Childline last year with suicidal thoughts, the charity has said.
Plans for a new £10m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved by councillors.
Michael Phelps won the 200m individual medley for the second time in three days at the USA Swimming National Championships.
Lyon midfielder Luiz Felipe Lopes was injured when two firecrackers were thrown from the stands during their Ligue 1 match at Metz.
A man has been arrested after two men died when the car they were in crashed in Stoke-on-Trent.
MSP Helen MacDonald has launched her second bid to make assisted suicide legal in Scotland.
Fewer than 40 people were able to watch the Baltimore Orioles baseball game against the New York Yankees on Monday after fans were barred from the stadium due to riots in the city.
A growing number of countries are recognising third gender or gender-fluid identities.
Swiss voters go to the polls on Sunday to decide whether to back a proposal which would dramatically reduce the number of people coming to the country.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car in Herefordshire.
Ferguson Shipbuilders has been sold to Clyde Blowers Capital, a Glasgow-based investment firm led by John McColl.
It is a typical summer's day in Port Talbot - the sun is shining, the birds are chirping and the streets are bustling with activity.
A man who was a close associate of radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for six years for assaulting a teenage boy and his girlfriend.
Prisons in England and Wales are "less safe and less decent" than they were a year ago, says the Prison Trust.
A 25-year-old man has been charged after a petrol bomb was thrown at a pharmacy in west Belfast.
Rescue workers in Indonesia are continuing to search for survivors after a powerful earthquake hit the north-eastern province of Aceh on Wednesday.
Michael Rowland scored twice as Armagh beat 10-man Louth 3-12 to 0-11 in Division Three of the Football League.
A French woman has become the first person to take legal action against the government over air pollution in Paris.
Defending champions Germany were knocked out of the Women's Euro 2017 as Denmark came from behind to win 2-1 and reach the semi-finals.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he "absolutely support equality" for gay and lesbian people.
Facebook is taking the Irish government to the High Court in Dublin in a dispute over its data transfers to the US.
Birmingham City captain Gary Robinson has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.
Firefighters have been called to homes in Dorset and Dorset where insecticides have been used to control pests, the fire service has said.
Foresters in Poland say storms that killed six people and destroyed tens of thousands of hectares of forest are the worst in the country's history.
The Department of Education (DEL) has said it will use its own budget to fund redundancies in the further education sector.
Forfar Athletic extended their lead at the top of Scottish League Two to five points with a 3-0 win over Berwick Rangers.
All original interview notes for the so-called Derry Four have gone missing, the BBC has learned.
Councils should be allowed to take on the running of failing academies, say local authorities.
The cholesterol-lowering drugs statins are safe and effective, according to a review of the available evidence.
Astronaut Tim Peake has returned to Earth after a six-month mission to the International Space Station.
Romania won Olympic gold in the men's team epee with victory over defending champions China in Rio.
Drivers of diesel cars could be exempt from a new "toxin tax" under plans announced by the prime minister.
Dundee manager Grant McCann says the club need more help in the transfer market ahead of next season.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) president, Thomas Bach, says he has "no regrets" over the decision not to ban Russia from the Rio Olympics.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions scrum-half John Faull has died at the age of 83.
There are two camps in India - the optimistic and the pessimistic.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is concerned about the workload he will face in his return to competitive golf.
A woman has spoken of her shock after a man was shot in the leg at her home in west Belfast.
The FBI has arrested a man in Thailand in connection with the dark web marketplace Silk Road.
David Fox scored a late winner as Plymouth came from behind to beat Mansfield in League Two.
The World Rugby Sevens Series returns to Paris this weekend, with the final leg of the series taking place at Twickenham on 20 and 21 May.
"I'm very proud to be the manger of this club, and I've had great support from people like (director of football) George Craig, (chief executive) Leeann Dempster and (chairman) Rod Petrie," said Neil Lennon following Hibernian's promotion to the Premiership.
A man has died in a hang-gliding crash in East Sussex.
Cardiff City defender James Morrison says the Bluebirds must improve their late-goalkeeping if they are to avoid relegation from the Championship.
Zambia coach Peter Chambeshi says his team have the "strength and power" to beat Germany at the Fifa Under-20 World Cup.
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro has accused the US of being "imperialists" for imposing sanctions on senior officials ahead of elections for a new constituent assembly.
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has met Russian President Vladimir Putin in Sochi to discuss a strategic partnership deal.
French police have evicted Roma (Gypsies) from a camp on the outskirts of Paris.
Broadcaster Jon Snow has backed a campaign to save one of the world's longest passenger ferries.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a lorry are trying to raise money for a woodland survival centre.
A garden dedicated to the late Pink Floyd star Syd Barrett is to be built in his home city of Cambridge.
Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte has been criticised for making light of the rape and murder of a female missionary.
Former Prime Minister John Major has been accused of an "absolute dismissal" of democracy after he called for a second referendum on Brexit.
An exhibition of more than 1,000 photographs of Bristol has opened.
The number of people challenging their GCSE and A-level results has risen for the third year in a row, official figures show.
Boeing has reported a fall in revenues and profits for 2016.
Coleraine rowers Peter Cassells and David Scrimgeour won gold and silver at the European Rowing Championships in Bern.
Australia won the first Test against India by an innings and 95 runs to take a 1-0 lead in the three-match series.
Online universities could offer full degrees within five years, according to the head of one of the world's biggest online learning platforms.
Rising Star won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the second year in a row.
Irish Travellers have been genetically isolated from the rest of the population in the Republic of Ireland for centuries, according to a new study.
Work to stabilise a section of the A890 bypass in the Highlands is to continue for the foreseeable future.
A 33-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the deaths of a man and a woman in Dundee.
Britain's Tom Benson won gold in the men's triathlon at the European Games in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Wrexham's Burrell Museum will reopen to the public in 2020, the city council has announced.
An RSPB project to restore a river bend in Surrey has seen a rise in the number of salmon in the area.
Yemen's national airline, Yemenia, has been charged by French authorities over a 2007 plane crash in the Indian Ocean in which more than 150 people died.
Republican Bobby Jindal has said his party needs to change its stance on abortion, gun control and immigration if it wants to win back voters.
Orlando City Women have signed five-time world player of the year Marta.
Scottish Labour's Ian Murray has retained his Edinburgh South seat in the UK general election.
Salford Red Devils have parted company with coach Jacques Frayssinous after a run of poor results.
Monaco's Prince Jacques has given birth to twins, Gabriella and Jacques, with his wife Charlene.
A maternity clinic for women who have been raped or sexually assaulted is to open at the Royal London Hospital.
Northern Ireland sprinter Eilish Foster has qualified for the semi-finals of the 100m at the Commonwealth Games but fellow sprinter Jason Smyth has been disqualified.
More than 20 people have been arrested following clashes between far-right and anti-fascist protesters in Maidstone.
Banks and accountants who help people evade tax could face financial penalties under plans proposed by Danny Alexander.
South Africa's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country is in crisis.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage should take a break, the party's only MP has said.
The Wedgwood Museum's collection has been sold to the Victoria and Albert Museum for an undisclosed sum.
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is the largest country in the world.
The number of children in England and Wales being bullied online has more than doubled in the past year, a charity has said.
Police have released an image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault on a 15-year-old girl in Hertfordshire.
Five cygnets have been killed and another injured in a hit-and-run incident in County Fermanagh.
The owners of a Corn Exchange in Cornwall have agreed a deal to sell the building to a community group for £300,000.
The prime minister has said the government is investing Â£1bn in school sports over the next four years, but what are the key ingredients for success?
The number of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) in England has risen sharply, figures show.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his Vuelta a Espana lead to 32 seconds after a crash at the end of the race.
Social media star Jeremy Vine has offered advice to a 15-year-old boy who was filmed being attacked by a group of bullies in Romford in 1980.
The potential for co-operative housing in Wales is "great", according to a new report.
Prestwick Airport says it is preparing for its highest ever summer traffic.
Technology giant Hewlett-Packard has said it will cut another 20,000 jobs as part of a restructuring plan.
Partick Thistle secured their place in the Scottish Premiership play-offs with victory over Motherwell at Fir Park.
The number of hours ambulances spent waiting to hand over patients at accident and emergency (A&E) departments in Yorkshire has more than doubled in a year.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman in Oxfordshire.
Christopher Hogwood, the founder of the Academy of Ancient Music, has died at the age of 83.
A female lion has given birth to a cub at a wildlife reserve in Saudi Arabia.
George Osborne is to seek German support for the UK's EU reform plans when he visits Berlin later.
An Australian mining company has been found guilty of causing the collapse of a sacred site in the Northern Territory.
Retailers in the UK are gearing up for Black Friday - the biggest sales day of the year.
An Indian transgender woman has won a legal battle to become a police officer in the state of Tamil Nadu.
GAA director general Jim Duffy has called for the abolition of the inter-county U21 Football championship.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry on the A96 in Londonderry.
A US start-up has developed a 3D-printed prosthetic limb that can be fitted with a standard socket and hand.
Celtic defender Mikael Lustig says manager Ronny Deila is not to blame for the club's failure to qualify for the Champions League.
The Bernabeu is one of the most intimidating stadiums in the world, and it will be no different for Manchester City on Wednesday.
Former Wrexham striker Gary Morrell has taken over as first-team coach following the departure of Paul Saunders.
If you want to know what it's like to live in the UK after the Brexit vote, ask Chris DeLeon.
The government has been accused of being in a "blind panic" by union bosses over plans to call up up to 1,000 civil servants to help deal with a planned strike at the UK border.
Kenya's Conseslus Cheruiyot won Olympic gold in the women's 5,000m as Olympic champion Almaz Almaz failed to defend her title in Rio.
The bodies of two men who were killed in an explosion at a factory in Harford, County Down, have been recovered.
The US and UK have criticised the Syrian government for allowing only limited air drops of aid to besieged areas.
Elite firms are "systematically excluding bright working-class applicants" from their workforce, a report says.
League Two side Notts County have re-signed Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder George Long on loan until the end of the season.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against disgraced cyclist Lance Armstrong for $100m (£65m).
A new group has been set up to help people with rare diseases in Northern Ireland.
A judge in the US state of Wisconsin has ordered that two girls accused of stabbing a classmate 19 times should be tried as adults.
Work has begun on the final section of the Dakota Access oil pipeline, after the US army gave the developer the go-ahead.
As Hungary prepares to go to the polls on 5 May, the BBC's Mark Lowen meets the opposition leader Gordon Bajnai, who says he is "flying blind" in this election.
Two men have been remanded in custody after being charged in connection with the theft of £50,000 worth of food from a factory.
A Danish prince has been rescued from the surf on Australia's Gold Coast, local media report.
On BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Boris Johnson said:.
When Surjit Singh Kohli was a 15-year-old student, his teacher told him he would never be able to build India's first humanoid robot.
Somalia's Islamist militant group al-Shabab has denied reports that more than 100 of its fighters were killed in a US air strike.
A World War Two battle window at a Cardiff church is in danger of collapsing, the council has warned.
A man has died after the car he was driving crashed into a row of gardens.
Primary school pupils in England are to be tested on their times tables for the first time, the government has announced.
Olympic silver medallist Louis Smith is to be investigated by British Gymnastics after a video emerged appearing to show him laughing at another gymnast.
Five disabled people have lost a High Court bid to challenge the government's plans to scrap the Independent Living Fund (ILF).
Security firm G4S has reported a rise in revenue for the six months to the end of September, helped by growth in emerging markets.
Two more people have been killed in Venezuela during protests against the government of President Nicolas Maduro.
Airbus has cut the number of A380 aircraft it will build in the next two years as it continues to struggle with engine problems.
Britain's business leaders have been giving their views on whether the UK should stay in or leave the European Union.
An illegal high-rise building has collapsed in the western Indian city of Mumbai, killing at least 20 people, police say.
The world's biggest fund manager, BlackRock, is set to cut up to 1,000 jobs, according to reports.
Sporting Kansas City striker Dom Dwyer grew up in the south-east of England.
Athletics' world governing body IAAF says there is "significant work still to be done" for Russia to be reinstated into the sport.
Two crematorium workers have been sacked after using another person's ashes in a cremation ceremony.
The BBC's annual defence of its position is due to be delivered at the University of Edinburgh later.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt is to meet junior doctors' leaders this week in a bid to resolve a dispute over new contracts.
Hamilton Academical moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership with victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A £15m fund to boost culture in the north of England has been announced by the government.
World number one Serena Williams has become the first woman to win a Grand Slam singles title while pregnant.
Police in Italy and the US have arrested 18 people in a joint operation against organised crime.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has signed into law a controversial law aimed at giving more power to the country's white minority.
A new code of conduct for police stop-and-searches in Scotland has come into force.
An 83-year-old woman has been told she will have to pay more than £18,000 for a landline.
Alex Salmond has been one of Scotland's most successful political leaders for more than two decades.
Tommy Hilfiger has defended his comments about model Gigi Hadid, saying they were "completely false".
The family of US radio star Casey Kasem have filed a lawsuit against his former wife.
Russian football fan Alexander Shprygin has been deported from France after being arrested at a Euro 2016 match.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has been accused of stealing more than $2bn (Â£1.8bn) from the country's treasury while in power.
The prime minister has defended the government's refusal to offer a unilateral guarantee to EU nationals living in the UK.
Celtic moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Kilmarnock, despite the red card shown to defender Paolo Pascali in the first half.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle's relegation fears deepened as they were beaten by 10-man St Johnstone.
England and Fiji are through to the quarter-finals of the World Rugby Sevens Series in New Zealand.
Google has updated its Captcha system to make it easier for people to log in to websites.
Paralympic sprinter Jason Smyth says he is still aiming to qualify for the 2016 Rio Olympics despite missing out on London 2012.
Irish Gypsies who caused "lots of damage" at a party by decorating a golf club with fairy cakes have been "donated" to homeless shelters.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has faced questions from MPs on the Welsh affairs select committee.
Belfast-based Mexican restaurant chain Boojum has been sold for an undisclosed sum.
A 17-year-old boy from Norwich has been arrested in connection with the TalkTalk hacking attack.
A Russian warplane has crashed near the Turkish border after being shot down by Turkish jets, Russian officials say.
US-led coalition air strikes have killed a senior commander of so-called Islamic State (IS) in the Iraqi city of Falluja, the Pentagon says.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a foot injury.
Tracey Harrington won the Irish Grand National at Aintree for the third time with Our Duke in the Champion Hurdle at Leopardstown.
Mae pêl-droed wedi bod yn rhan fawr o'i fywyd ers iddo fod yn blentyn.
NHS trusts in England have been rated "outstanding" and "poor" in a series of measures aimed at improving safety.
A disabled man has been attacked by two masked men during a burglary at his home in Inverness.
A man has died after his car left the road and hit a tree in Surrey.
Iranians have reacted with anger and frustration to the revelations that senior officials are being paid hundreds of times the minimum wage.
Officials at Yellowstone National Park in the US have condemned the behaviour of a group of tourists who tried to rescue a bison calf.
House prices in the UK rose by 7.7% in the year to March, official figures show.
Teaching assistants in Dumfries and Galloway are to be "driven into poverty" by plans to change their contracts, a union has said.
Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international Steven Davis on a two-year deal.
Tommy Veronelli has stepped down as coach of British number one Heather Watson.
The attack on the aid convoy and the Turkish incursion into Syria are the latest in a series of setbacks for the fragile ceasefire deal that was agreed at the end of last month.
Two British students have gone on trial in Poland accused of stealing artefacts from the Auschwitz death camp.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that his country needs him "very, very badly".
Huddersfield Town head coach David Wagner has signed a new two-year deal with the Premier League club.
"When you start a business you are not considered an entrepreneur," says Elizabeth Terry.
A doctor accused of manslaughter over the death of a 12-year-old boy should have been more curious about his condition, a court has heard.
Plans to build a new nature centre in a Nottinghamshire forest have been criticised by conservationists.
A letter written by Vladimir Putin and George W Bush to a Gateshead man who helped film the summit is to be auctioned.
A sculpture of a Hindu goddess thought to have been stolen from an Indian temple is to be returned to the country it was bought from.
Hundreds of commuters have been treated to a luxury train service in Kent.
Former world number one Luke Donald says he considered retiring from golf last year because of a slump in form.
In the summer of 1910, a ship sailed from New York to Cuba.
Elections for councils in England and Wales will be held on 5 May 2013.
The number of people being diagnosed with dementia in the UK is stabilising, according to new research.
Isle of Wight Council has launched an appeal against a court ruling that a father could not take his daughter on holiday in term time.
Tributes have been paid to a Swansea man who has died at the age of 91.
Hundreds of people in Germany have attended the funeral of a German woman killed fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Theresa May has set out a "bold, new, positive vision for the future" of the UK, as she launched her bid to become prime minister.
A man has been charged with killing a football referee in the US state of Michigan after he was allegedly punched in the head during a game.
A 20-year-old woman has been shot dead in the US state of New Hampshire.
A teenager has been found guilty of trying to radicalise an 18-year-old man after befriending him following the death of Fusilier Lee Rigby.
A prominent Indian journalist has been arrested for allegedly fabricating a story about a ban on Muslims teaching yoga abroad.
Scientists have measured for the first time the effect of the tides on the surface of Loch Ness.
The inquest into the deaths of 11 men killed in the Shoreham air disaster has been delayed.
Three men have been found guilty of blowing up cash machines and stealing more than £200,000.
A senior Australian Catholic bishop has accused the Vatican of "destroying" the country's unity over child sex abuse.
Celtic have not given up hope of re-signing Manchester City midfielder Patrick Roberts this summer.
An engineer who built an insect-like robot in 18 months has said he hopes it will inspire others to build their own.
More than half of UK firms have been the victim of a cyber attack in the past year, according to a report.
Pope Francis is embarking on his first trip to Africa, where he is expected to deliver a message of hope to the dispossessed and the struggling.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has said he was "politically responsible" for Luxembourg's tax system when he was prime minister.
Scotland's Laura Muir set a new Scottish 1500m record in her first race of the season at the Diamond League meeting in Glasgow.
Lukas Jutkiewicz missed two late chances as Championship side Birmingham City drew with Championship side Newcastle in an FA Cup third-round replay.
Mark Cavendish says he was a victim of his own success as Russia's Alexander Vinokourov won the Olympic road race in London.
It's almost 20 years since All Saints made their debut on the BBC's Top of the Pops, and the band tell the BBC how they were labelled "stroppy cows" for refusing to take their tops off on the show.
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares missed out on a place in the final of the ATP World Tour Finals for the first time.
A man who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
Volunteers on the Isle of Man are being urged to help clean up the island's beaches.
A blanket ban on so-called legal highs is to be introduced in England and Wales.
As the National Football League (NFL) prepares to kick off its 2015 season on Sunday, Roger Goodell will be looking on with a mixture of pride and trepidation.
A nurse who secretly filmed himself raping patients has been jailed for 12 years.
The Irish Open will be staged at Ballyliffin in County Donegal in 2019.
Jack Leaning's maiden first-class century put Yorkshire in a strong position against Lancashire on day two of the Roses match at Old Trafford.
Supermarket chain Asda has announced it will increase the price it pays for milk from Monday.
US printer giant HP has apologised for not telling customers their printers would no longer work if they used unofficial ink cartridges.
Donald Sterling, the former owner of the Los Angeles Clippers basketball team, has lost a court battle over the sale of the team.
A school has been forced to close for the weekend after 26 pupils and staff fell ill with norovirus.
The assembly's presiding officer has called for more people to register to vote ahead of May's elections.
Royal Dutch Shell has said it hopes to start drilling for oil in the Arctic this summer.
Tributes have been paid to Labour MP Jo Cox following the conviction of her killer.
Israel's prime minister has promised a "fierce" response to stone-throwing after the death of a 20-year-old man in Jerusalem on Monday.
The Republic of Ireland's president is to decide whether to refer a controversial new abortion bill to the country's highest court.
The crew of the St Abbs lifeboat have agreed to hand back their pagers in a bid to save the station.
Surrey batsman Kumar Sangakkara hit an unbeaten century on the opening day of the County Championship season against Leicestershire at The Oval.
Wolves have been taken over by Chinese investment group Fosun International.
Competition between birds and bees for nesting sites could explain why some species are struggling to survive, say scientists.
Britain's traditional qualities of fair play, civility and a sense of humour remain as precious as they have always been, the Prince of Wales has said.
Leicester City have signed Riyad Mahrez from French Ligue 1 side Le Havre.
The US has closed its embassy in Yemen, warning that al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) is a threat to the US and its allies.
Scotland scrum-half Jonny Gray has urged his team-mates to build a winning habit in the Six Nations.
The number of visitors from the Republic of Ireland to Northern Ireland has fallen, according to a government report.
"Rodrigo was one of the best players in the team," says the coach of the Brazilian team competing in the Street Child World Cup.
A man who was hospitalised after taking what was thought to be a new form of MDMA has been arrested on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs.
Sir Mick Jagger has paid tribute to his partner L'Wren Scott, saying he will "never forget her".
More than 10,000 new homes could be built in York over the next 20 years, according to a report.
A BBC-funded Zimbabwean radio station has gone off air after more than 20 years.
Children's mental health services in England are not getting the money they need, campaigners say.
The home town of the UK's Eurovision hopeful is preparing for a "real celebration" if he wins.
Salford Red Devils have signed former Leeds Rhinos half-back Alex Hood on a two-year deal.
A British man is attempting to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic without a kickboard.
It's that time of year again when many of you are looking for ways to get fit and active.
The BBC's Women of Africa season is celebrating the achievements of women in business.
Two Russian officials have been expelled from the US in response to an attack on a US diplomat in Moscow, the White House says.
Ben Stokes scored a half-century and took three wickets as England beat India by five wickets in the third one-day international in Mumbai.
Northamptonshire Police has referred itself to the police watchdog over its handling of the search for a missing woman.
The UK government has been accused of breaching its human rights obligations by not funding investigations into killings by security forces during the Troubles.
On this week's Disability Works, we look at how technology is changing for people with disabilities.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in connection with the disappearance of two brothers from West Yorkshire.
Olympic champion Nick Scott missed out on gold at the World Cup regatta in Spain after finishing second in the RS:X event.
Hundreds of servicemen and women have taken part in a parade to mark the 70th anniversary of the Royal Navy's Yeovil base.
A man whose car was stolen has been told there is "very little chance" he will be caught.
Malaysia's richest woman, Khong Hsien Loong, has a simple mission - to feed the hungry.
Nigeria's education system has been badly damaged by the militant Islamist group Boko Haram, but there is a growing belief that reforms are long overdue and a broader education is essential.
The US embassy in Turkey has issued an emergency travel warning, saying there are "credible threats" to tourist areas in Istanbul and Antalya.
The Conservatives have taken control of Derbyshire County Council.
Two men have died in separate road accidents in the Republic of Ireland.
The nuclear accident at Japan's Fukushima Daiichi plant in 2011 was a "manmade disaster" caused by "wilful negligence", an independent panel has concluded.
Greg Dyke is to step down as Football Association chairman at the end of June.
NatWest and Royal Bank of Scotland have warned that they could start charging customers interest if the Bank of England cuts interest rates below 0.25%.
The government's plans to relax Sunday trading rules in England and Wales have been defeated in the House of Commons.
The Golden State Warriors came from behind to beat the Portland Trail Blazers and win the best-of-seven NBA Finals.
Wolves midfielder Conor Coady says he will not be distracted by the memories of his three-year spell at Liverpool.
A County Londonderry bar has been ordered to close after a man was found dead at the premises.
A man has been banned from owning animals after he was caught on camera eating a fish.
Albania have been ordered to play their Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia behind closed doors and fined 100,000 euros by Uefa.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has signed a new sponsorship deal with the world's biggest energy company.
Newport County were beaten 2-0 by Barry Town in their final pre-season friendly.
Pakistan have been given permission to play two matches in India in the World Twenty20.
Bristol City midfielder James Morrison says manager Gary Rowett was right to criticise his side after they were held to a draw by Middlesbrough.
Michel Temer has been sworn in as Brazil's interim president after the Senate voted to impeach President Dilma Rousseff.
An ancient Chinese legend about the founding of the country's first dynasty can be traced back to an "outburst" flood, scientists say.
A Florida teenager has been charged with practising alternative medicine without a doctor's licence.
Rafael Nadal is one of the best tennis players in the world.
The number of skiers and snowboarders in Scotland during the 2014-15 snowsports season was the lowest on record, according to industry figures.
Two police officers have been found guilty of conspiring to steal heroin and cocaine while on duty.
Lancashire head coach Ashley Giles says his side have been given a "wake-up call" by their poor form.
A "damaged and dangerous" killer who raped a woman in a Leicester park has been jailed for a second time.
Cornwall director of rugby Andy Dawe says he hopes Twickenham's Principality Premiership final will not be moved.
Oscar-winning actor Matthew McConaughey has surprised students at the University of Texas by driving them home.
Ghana's parliament has passed a law requiring government officials to hand over state-owned property within a month of the election of a new president.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said the African-American communities in the US are "in the worst shape they've ever been in before".
Former Peterborough United and Cambridge United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 67.
Two people have been rescued after their dinghy capsized off the coast of Invergordon.
An attempt by Northern Ireland's attorney general to refer a gay cake case to the Supreme Court has been rejected by judges.
Labour has defended its decision to deny 121,000 people a vote in the general election amid claims of "Tory infiltration".
The family of a US doctor who was dragged off a United Airlines flight have said they are "horrified and shocked" by the incident.
Former Labour leader Harriet Harman has said the killing of an Aberdeen man in Syria was "extra-judicial".
An amateur boxing association is "not fit for purpose" and does not qualify to receive public money, auditors have said.
Three schools in Edinburgh have been temporarily closed due to safety concerns.
A German woman who developed a blood clot in her lung after taking Bayer's Yasminelle contraceptive pill is suing the company for failing to warn her.
People are being asked to stand on both sides of an escalator at one of London's busiest Tube stations as part of a trial.
Mesothelioma victims who were exposed to asbestos at work will be able to claim compensation for the first time, under government plans.
A nurse who injected her elderly mother with a potentially lethal dose of insulin has been found guilty of attempted murder.
The US Senate has rejected a Republican plan to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama's healthcare law.
Australian art historian Betty Churcher has died at the age of 86.
Moody's, one of the world's biggest credit rating agencies, has warned that it may lower the UK's credit rating.
Two former leaders of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge regime have gone on trial for genocide.
Author Richard Clarke Neville, best known for his work in Oz magazine, has died at the age of 83.
Bristol City duo Jake Bidwell and Kodi Skacel have agreed to play for Guernsey for a month.
There is "no threat whatsoever" to Polish, Hungarian and other EU citizens working in the UK, the leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said.
A cat that went missing more than two years ago has been reunited with his owner after being found at a pet store.
A football fan who accidentally punched a hole in the ceiling during a match has been offered £1,000 to repair the damage.
The Home Office has asked the owners of takeaway restaurants in the Isle of Wight to prove that their workers are not illegal immigrants.
Sebastian Vettel beat Red Bull team-mate Mark Webber in a dramatic Malaysian Grand Prix.
The new chief constable of Hampshire and Isle of Wight has been named as Caroline Pinkney.
Belfast bantamweight Conor O'Shea has won Ireland's first gold medal of the European Championships in Kiev after beating Andrey Gadzhimagomedov in the semi-finals.
Scotland's Scott Brewster and Eve Muirhead have booked their places at next month's European Curling Championships at Braehead.
Donegal will take on Galway in Saturday's All-Ireland SFC qualifier at Croke Park.
The date of the UK's EU referendum has been the subject of much speculation over the past few months.
The House of Commons has paid tribute to the late Dad's Army creator Mike Perry, with references to the hit TV series making the rounds.
Derby County striker Darren Bent has urged his team-mates to go into the Championship play-offs "full of confidence".
It's been another busy week in the world of entertainment, with the Baftas, Love Actually and New York Fashion Week all taking centre stage.
Partick Thistle's winless run extended to eight matches as they were held to a draw by Ross County at Firhill.
Artillery fire has hit the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, as a Russian aid convoy tries to cross the border from Ukraine.
A pair of Roman mosaics found during an archaeological dig are to be turned into a visitor attraction.
The idea that the Scottish Parliament should have full control of income tax and welfare benefits was the most popular policy statement in a BBC Scotland poll.
Nigeria's agriculture minister, Akinwunmi Adesina, is to receive this year's World Food Prize.
A firearms officer has been issued with a written warning after he was spotted carrying a gun in a railway station.
The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) has warned that the El Nino weather phenomenon is set to cause severe food shortages across the world in 2016.
Scientists in the US say they have successfully grown an engineered kidney in rats.
Apple has been sued by a US university for allegedly infringing a patent.
A steam train is set to run for the first time in more than 30 years.
If you want to get fit and look your best, then you might want to try the Couch to 5K Challenge.
Plans for a national marine centre for Scotland have been unveiled by a conservation charity.
Passport checks on people leaving the UK have been introduced for the first time.
Great Britain's Beth Tweddle has confirmed she will retire from gymnastics after failing to win an Olympic medal at London 2012.
League One champions Charlton Athletic have signed Wigan Athletic defender Ben Pearce for an undisclosed fee.
Hastings Pier has reopened to the public, with Madness singer Graham McPherson saying it was a "privilege" to have been involved in its restoration.
An Australian woman has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of her ex-wife.
Former BBC director general Mark Thompson has told MPs he did not know about a £1m pay-off given to a senior executive.
Hamilton Academical and Kilmarnock played out a goalless draw at Rugby Park.
Wales manager Chris Coleman praised his players after they came from behind to draw 1-1 with Northern Ireland in Cardiff.
Two men have been found guilty of the murder of a man who was shot outside a pub in Greater Manchester.
Former Rangers captain Darren Ferguson says he is "not ready" to manage at the top level.
The speaker of Italy's Senate has been suspended for a day for making an obscene gesture at a female colleague.
Australia has asked Israel to remove a diplomat from its embassy in Canberra over the use of forged Australian passports in a plot to kill a Dubai police officer.
A court in Azerbaijan has sentenced Leyla Yunus, a prominent human rights activist, to 10 years in prison for fraud.
Police in Papua New Guinea are searching for more than 60 prisoners who escaped from a prison in the north of the country.
England won the Women's Six Nations for the first time since 2009 with a comfortable victory over Ireland in Dublin.
At least nine people have been killed in a bomb attack in a border town in north-eastern Lebanon, officials say.
The Brownie and Guide oath has been changed to remove the reference to God.
The number of illegal immigrants detained or arrested at the UK's busiest port has more than doubled in a year, figures show.
Gibraltar is one of the world's best-known tourist destinations, but few people have ever visited the Rock.
Former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! star Liam Wright is interested in buying a stake in non-league side Billericay Town, the club's chairman has said.
Bradford City moved into the League One play-off places with victory at Rochdale.
A firm has been fined £20,000 after a worker was crushed by a forklift truck in a Lincolnshire warehouse.
The Irish government has been accused of failing to meet basic human rights standards during the recession.
Former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has called for a national education commission to be set up to improve standards.
The Basque people are descended from early farmers who mixed with local hunter-gatherers, a study suggests.
Burton Albion have released nine players, including goalkeeper Jon McLaughlin.
It's been a long time since we've had a new year, so here's a look back at some of the most memorable ones.
A senior Welsh Labour minister has said he still supports Jeremy Corbyn, despite not being a fan of the Labour leader.
A new sixth form college is to open in Flintshire.
Burnley have signed midfielder Michael Walters from Stoke City for an undisclosed fee.
Ruben Aguirre, one of Mexico's best-known actors, has died at the age of 83.
Featherstone Rovers have appointed Kevin Duffy as their new head coach.
A woman who died after being restrained by police and ambulance staff was suffering from post-partum psychosis, an inquest has heard.
Manchester United are close to signing Villarreal defender Eric Bailly as Jose Mourinho's first signing as manager.
The French government has ordered "special security measures" across the country after the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo published cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad.
When Miguel Tilli and his wife Magda decided to start their own business in 2012, they had no idea what they were getting themselves into.
A maze has been created in London to celebrate the 130th anniversary of the first Sherlock Holmes book.
The US government's request for Apple to help it investigate the San Bernardino shooting is a "gift to authoritarian regimes", the US ambassador to the UN has said.
The US state of Florida has declared a state of emergency over an outbreak of blue-green algae.
Broadchurch will not return for any further series, the show's creator has confirmed.
A rollercoaster ride at Alton Towers is to reopen to the public next month, it has been announced.
The Ospreys are to review their coaching structure following the departure of director of rugby Steve Johnson.
Tongan Veainu scored a hat-trick of tries as Leicester secured a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso.
Clermont Auvergne scrum-half Alex Abendanon says the Rugby Football Union (RFU) should change its policy on domestic players playing for England.
Satisfaction with the NHS in England has fallen for the first time in more than 30 years, a survey suggests.
If you want to know who is the greatest boxer of all time, we've got you covered.
The City of London's special representative to the EU has described France's approach to Brexit as the "worst I have had anywhere in the EU".
When Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill took charge of the team at the last European Championship, German fans had to Google his name to find him.
Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara scored their first goals for Leeds as they beat Burton at Elland Road.
Alex Hales hit a stunning 30-ball century as Nottinghamshire set a new T20 Blast Powerplay record against Durham.
A man has spent his life savings to pay for the treatment of a Yemeni girl who has a rare form of cancer.
Lancashire are "not that good" in one-day cricket, according to director of cricket Ashley Giles.
A Channel Island lifeboat station has been temporarily taken over by volunteers following a dispute over the sacking of a coxswain.
Palaeontologists have discovered the fossilised remains of 20 dinosaur embryos that were killed by a flood.
Northern Ireland Under-21s beat Spain 1-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday.
An investigation into the deaths of more than 100 people at a Lancashire hospital has found a catalogue of missed opportunities.
A campaign manager for US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump will not face criminal charges over an incident with a reporter.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has long been known for its off-road vehicles - the Defender, the Land Rover Discovery and the Range Rover.
A mother accused of killing her two-year-old son by leaving him in the bath has told a court she was "stupid" for not going upstairs.
Four people have pleaded guilty to fraudulently winning a council by-election.
A migrant camp set up at Dismaland has been moved after organisers decided not to send it to the UK.
Rafael Nadal's Real Madrid team have condemned "unjustifiable and unacceptable" comments made by a former French minister about the world number one.
A US aircraft carrier that President Donald Trump said was heading to North Korea has arrived in Australia, the US military has said.
A father and son have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in County Donegal.
Bedfordshire's Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) has said he is considering replacing some of the county's police stations with facilities in public buildings.
Ivo Karlovic beat Novak Djokovic 6-4 6-3 to reach the semi-finals of the Italian Open in Rome.
Plans to build a new bridge over the River Thames in Oxfordshire have taken a step forward.
Chelsea have signed goalkeeper Eduardo on a free transfer from Benfica.
This year's Great North Run will see more than 20,000 runners from around the world take part.
Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford was turned down by League One side Crewe Alexandra last season, according to the club's director of football Les Collins.
A former Sri Lankan defence secretary has been charged with corruption over the discovery of a weapons cache off the coast of Colombo.
Australian politician Bob Katter has defended an election campaign ad in which he shoots dead two political rivals.
NHS bosses in England have agreed to cap the number of drugs that can be given to patients at £20m a year.
Jordan Clark scored a late winner as Accrington came from behind to beat League One side Bradford at Valley Parade.
Too many Scottish families are struggling in severe poverty, according to a new report.
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex's Harry Podmore on loan until the end of the season.
Stourbridge manager Gary Hackett says his side's FA Cup second-round win over League One Northampton Town was the club's biggest ever.
Lyon and Besiktas were forced to play their Europa League second qualifying round tie on the pitch after crowd trouble at Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
As many as 2.5 million savers in the UK may not be protected by a scheme which protects savings of up to £85,000 per account.
Bournemouth have re-signed midfielder Luke Surman on a season-long loan from Norwich City.
Hearts have completed the signing of former Carlisle United and Dundee United midfielder Prince Buaben.
Wales Under-20s secured their first win of the World Rugby U20 Championship with a hard-fought victory over Italy.
Gardaí (Irish police) investigating the disappearance of a man 17 years ago have begun a search for his body.
Arsenal Ladies have extended their partnership with Boreham Wood until the end of the 2018-19 season.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has signed a new five-year sponsorship deal with Under Armour.
Formula 1 bosses have agreed to scrap the controversial double points rule for next season.
Ed Miliband has said Labour will "put the interests of Britain and British business first rather than risk an EU exit".
Leicester Tigers can challenge for a top-four Premiership finish this season, says forwards coach Shaun Murphy.
Eastleigh and Macclesfield played out a goalless draw in the National League.
Three brothers have been jailed for a total of 12 years after admitting a number of drugs offences.
The British teenager who developed Yahoo's news-summarisation app Summly while sitting his A-level exams is considering his future.
Liverpool midfielder Roberto Firmino is available to face Southampton for the first time since suffering a hamstring injury in the defeat by Crystal Palace.
The Queen can imitate the Norfolk accent, her cousin has said, ahead of her 90th birthday.
A man has handed himself in to police after an armed siege at a Royal Bank of Scotland in Birmingham.
A 26-year-old man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Paisley.
David Scott has resigned as British swimming's performance director following a review into the country's performance at the London 2012 Olympics.
Singapore's Joseph Schooling beat Olympic champion Michael Phelps to win the men's 100m backstroke in Rio.
A six-year-old boy has applied to be the next England football manager.
The Dangerous Dogs Act in England and Wales should be scrapped, an MP has said.
Former world champion Mark Davis suffered a 10-3 defeat by England's Mark Selby in the first round of World Championship qualifiers in Sheffield.
A man has been arrested in connection with a serious sexual assault in west Belfast.
Two women have been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff on the Isle of Wight.
A dog had to be rescued by firefighters after its back legs became stuck in a chair.
The owners of an animalarium in Powys have been fined more than £1,000 after six endangered animals were found on display.
Abu Mohammed al-Furqan, one of the most senior figures in so-called Islamic State (IS), has been killed, the group has confirmed.
A man who killed his partner by punching her in the head at a railway station has been jailed.
A woman has died after being hit by a bus at a depot in Londonderry.
A motorcyclist who died after a crash on the Isle of Man has been named by police as David Baker.
Valtteri Bottas could leave Williams to join Ferrari next season, while Jenson Button is expected to stay at McLaren.
Roger Moore has said he was "never saying 'Martini, shaken not stirred'" when he was asked to replace Sean Connery as James Bond.
Tens of thousands of elderly people are facing delays in getting the care they need, according to a charity.
People are being asked to report sightings of wild rabbits and hares across the UK as part of a national atlas of mammals.
Four people have admitted selling hundreds of sick and neglected puppies for thousands of pounds.
Four British men have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences as part of a European investigation.
Amazon has launched its Prime Video service in the UK, with a line-up of traditional pay-TV channels.
The Office for Fair Trading (OFT) has lifted a ban on online travel agents offering discounts on hotel rooms.
(Close): London's benchmark FTSE 100 share index closed lower, with shares in Old Mutual falling after its half-year results missed expectations.
Triple J has announced that Taylor Swift's Shake It Off will not be included in this year's BBC Hottest 100.
Wakefield Wildcats chief executive Gary Carter says the club has made a "reasonable offer" to the owners of the club's Headingley ground.
Prince William has said he does not "lie awake at night waiting to be king".
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has said he is "sorry our league had to endure" after being cleared to play in the NFL.
Japanese messaging app Line has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) in the US.
A paramedic who squeezed a colleague's breast and asked her to "bend over" a photocopier has been suspended from the profession.
A council has been accused of being "hell-bent" on closing a multi-million pound leisure centre.
The body of the Russian ambassador to Greece has been found in his Athens home.
Renault has told Formula 1 authorities it will not supply engines for next year's season.
Belfast City Council has said the BBC would be an "ideal candidate" to anchor a major retail development in the city centre.
A man and his dog have been rescued from a tree after getting stuck.
Thieves have targeted an industrial estate in Wolverhampton for the second time in a week.
An Indian police officer's statement that men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds could be prosecuted has gone viral on social media.
Sir Bruce Forsyth is to co-host Strictly Come Dancing's Children In Need special, the BBC has announced.
The UK is to extend tariff-free trade with the world's poorest countries after Brexit, the government has announced.
A woman who uses a robotic exoskeleton to walk has completed the Great North Run.
At least six people have been killed in an attack on the headquarters of Afghanistan's National Directorate of Security (NDS) in Kabul, officials say.
Rising property prices in China have led to a surge in the number of people trying to buy their first home.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in his Derbyshire home five years ago.
The Nelson Mandela Foundation (NMF) has called on South Africa's President Jacob Zuma to step down.
A ban on the use of e-cigarettes indoors will be introduced in Wales, health ministers have announced.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says the club will not sell Raheem Sterling.
The number of people over the age of 65 in the UK is at its highest since records began, according to the Office for National Statistics.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
Paralympic judoka will fight in front of a home crowd for the first time when Great Britain hosts the European Championships for blind and visually-impaired athletes in May.
The new NHS trust that runs Stafford's County Hospital has been told it needs to make "significant improvements".
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he "respects" the Rugby Football Union's decision to appoint Gregor Townsend as his successor.
Facebook has been ordered by a German data watchdog to stop sharing users' data with its parent company.
Matthew Perry is not expected to appear on a Friends reunion special later this year.
Wales' football team have been praised for their "fantastic performance" at Euro 2016 after they were knocked out of the tournament.
Members of the Muslim community are taking part in a day of events to "de-mystify" what Islam is all about.
Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe says he will not be distracted by speculation linking him with the England job.
A UK exit from the European Union would cause an "economic shock" to the world economy, G20 finance ministers have warned.
A former soldier who was awarded the Prince of Wales's medal for bravery has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
US presidential candidate Donald Trump has come under fire for suggesting gun rights supporters could stop his opponent, Hillary Clinton.
The National Union of Students (NUS) is launching a campaign against Liberal Democrat MPs who voted to increase tuition fees in 2010.
The UK's new anti-trafficking commissioner has said he is "extremely concerned" about the number of people being trafficked to the UK from Nigeria.
People who sit for long periods of time have cells that age more quickly than those who exercise, a study suggests.
Police in Turkey have fired tear gas and water cannon to disperse protesters in Istanbul and the southern city of Izmir.
House prices in Northern Ireland rose by more than 5% in the third quarter of the year.
The BBC should have a dedicated books programme, author Neil Harris has said.
An MP's chief of staff has appeared in court charged with rape.
A fire broke out at a secondary school as pupils were waiting to collect their GCSE results.
Worcester Warriors full-back Stuart Hogg says the club need to get used to playing on a 4G pitch this season.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day little changed, with banking stocks leading the way.
A hospital in Los Angeles has paid hackers $17,000 (Â£11,000) to unlock a computer virus.
British Eventing rider Emily Gilruth is "progressing steadily" in hospital following a fall at the Badminton Horse Trials.
The brother of a Scottish aid worker murdered in Syria has said he has no hatred for young people radicalised by extremism.
Former foreign secretary Jack Straw is to chair a Commons committee to examine the future of the job of Clerk of the House of Commons.
The daughter of the first baby to be born on an air ambulance has joined Loganair as a cabin crew attendant.
Shadow home secretary Jeremy Corbyn has been criticised for saying the death of Osama Bin Laden was a "tragedy".
Actress Angelina Jolie is to star in a film about Kenyan conservationist William Leakey.
The BBC has confirmed it's giving up its rights to animated comedy Family Guy.
Wreaths will be laid across the Republic of Ireland on Monday to mark the centenary of the Easter Rising.
David Mundell has been reappointed as secretary of state for Scotland.
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell are the UK's richest couple, according to the Sunday Times Rich List.
Drug smuggler Howard Marks, who wrote a best-selling book about his life in prison, has died at the age of 67.
Somerset director of cricket Steve Rogers says his side need to win more games if they are to challenge for the County Championship title after Wednesday's five-wicket defeat by Middlesex.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney knew last month that next year's budget was going to be bigger than he had expected.
Sir Jimmy Savile's knighthood could be removed, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho and his Chelsea counterpart Antonio Conte had a bust-up at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Alloa Athletic manager John Goodwin has revealed he took himself out of the team to give himself the best chance of succeeding.
Leicester City's decision to sack Claudio Ranieri after nine months in charge of the Premier League champions has been described as "unbelievable, unforgivable and gut-wrenchingly sad".
An inquest into the death of a man who died of measles has been opened and adjourned after a post-mortem examination.
A neo-Nazi accused of plotting the murder of Labour MP Jo Cox has told a court he "probably did agree" with the man who killed her.
MPs have voted to allow the prime minister to trigger Brexit by triggering Article 50.
Businesses should be given more time to adapt to changes to business rates, an MP has said.
Dover boosted their National League play-off hopes with a comfortable victory over Guiseley at the Crabble Athletic Ground.
Derbyshire seam bowler Tom Taylor has signed a new one-year contract with the county.
Rescuers involved in the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash said it was the "most technical rescue" they had ever carried out.
South Africa's competition commission has accused some of the country's biggest banks of rigging the foreign exchange market.
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina says he will turn professional "in the near future" following his exit from the Rio Olympics.
More than 100 drivers a day have been caught speeding on a stretch of the M4 in Monmouthshire.
More than 1,000 cannabis plants have been seized by police in County Londonderry.
MPs in Russia's Duma are debating two bills that would allow the country to take over a neighbouring state's territory.
Education Secretary John Swinney has said there is "much to proud of" in Scotland's education system.
A man armed with a knife has robbed a van driver in Edinburgh.
A former soldier has been jailed for possessing a prohibited weapon and ammunition.
A new unisex toilet is to be built in a park in the Chinese capital, Beijing.
In Britain, it is a scandal about a politician caught with their pants down in the corridors of power.
British astronaut Tim Peake is the latest member of the International Space Station (ISS) to take part in a series of experiments.
Leeds United defender Kyle Bartley has praised manager Pep Guardiola for making his side "a lot more solid".
Plans for a new main stand at Tynecastle have been approved by the Scottish government.
It is early evening in Brilon, a small town in Germany's North Rhine-Westphalia state, and the sun is beginning to set.
Russia's ambassador to Ukraine has accused the US of "interfering flagrantly and unilaterally" in the country's internal affairs.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a man who died after being hit by a car in Bedfordshire.
The Supreme Court has ruled the Welsh government can set minimum wages for agricultural workers.
Liam Payne and Niall Horan have confirmed they're staying in One Direction.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has referred the controversial Safe Abortion Act to a constitutional review committee.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called for an end to the country's dependence on foreign aid.
Leyton Orient have signed Fulham's Christian Christensen on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A former Miami Dolphins player has been rescued after his boat capsized off the coast of Florida.
Northern Ireland's top police officer has said a deal between the DUP and Sinn FÃ©in on the legacy of the past has been a "bitter pill for victims".
The Cavern Club in Liverpool is marking its 50th anniversary with a day of live Beatles music.
British number two Heather Watson and number three Naomi Broady both lost in the first round of the Rogers Cup in Montreal.
Thailand's anti-corruption agency has charged former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra with negligence over a rice subsidy scheme.
Ed Miliband has said he is "absolutely serious" about keeping his election pledges, after unveiling a stone pledge stone in Downing Street.
Plans for a £50m shake-up of education in the Scottish Borders have moved a step closer.
Tributes have been paid to comedian Norman Collier, who has died at the age of 91.
Crawley ended a run of three straight League Two defeats with a comfortable victory over Leyton Orient.
A 10-year-old boy with autism has had his world "turned upside down" after his iPad was stolen from his home.
The UK's economy is likely to grow by less than 1% this year and next, according to a new forecast.
Homeless people are being taken on guided tours of Edinburgh by street vendors.
The families of two inmates who killed themselves at a prison in Buckinghamshire have lost their bid for a judicial review.
What do you remember about the earthquake in Nepal that killed more than 8,000 people?
The latest Batman film, The Dark Knight Rises, has been praised by critics, with one calling it "superhero filmmaking on an unprecedented scale".
Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Chris Hurst on loan until the end of the season.
The line-up for this year's Bestival on the Isle of Wight has been announced.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Wednesday, with mining stocks among the biggest fallers.
More than 4,000 athletes at the Rio Olympics had no record of drugs testing in 2016, a report has found.
A US Muslim group has been evacuated from its Washington DC office after a suspicious powder was found in an envelope.
Tributes have been paid to a mother-of-two who was found dead at a house in south-east London.
The chairman of Chinese clothing giant Metersbonwe, Zhou Chengjian, has gone missing.
The BBC has a reputation for being good at keeping secrets.
An electronic prescribing system for medicines in Wales should be brought in as soon as possible, the Welsh Audit Office (WAO) has said.
Shares in Royal Mail have fallen sharply after the company reported a fall in half-year profits and raised its cost-cutting target.
Plans for a new railway line in the Highlands have been given the go-ahead.
The German press is pleading with Britain to stay in the European Union.
A nurse who posted sexually explicit messages on Facebook has been sacked for gross misconduct.
A new Nigerian musical has opened in London's West End.
YouTube has defended its treatment of the music industry, saying it is a "win-win" situation for content creators and musicians.
A woman has been conned out of nearly £50,000 after her email account was hacked.
A woman has been taken to hospital after the car she was driving hit a tree in Aberdeenshire.
Scientists have recreated the skeleton of one of the world's largest sauropods to help answer some of the big questions about these very big animals.
Chile's foreign minister has called on Venezuela to release a journalist who has been detained for more than a week.
Dogs could be banned from some beaches in Dumfries and Galloway under plans being considered by councillors.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by a stronger-than-expected jobs report.
Up to 100 World War Two Bomber Command veterans may be able to attend the unveiling of a new memorial, organisers have said.
Motorists have been warned to allow extra time for their journeys this Easter weekend as millions of people head out for bank holiday getaways.
At least 18 people have been killed after a bus crashed into the back of a lorry and burst into flames.
Sussex all-rounder Michael Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
England suffered a crushing nine-wicket defeat by Pakistan in the final Twenty20 at Old Trafford.
A memorial plaque has been unveiled in Wigan in memory of a teacher who was murdered in her classroom.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she will always work with Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with an assault on a train guard.
A court in the western Indian state of Gujarat has sentenced a woman to death for her role in the 2002 anti-Muslim riots.
The Bangladeshi government has released the names of six of the men it says carried out a deadly attack on a cafe on Saturday.
Conor McGregor is set to fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on 26 August using 8oz gloves.
An Australian court has ordered internet service providers (ISPs) to reveal the names of customers who illegally downloaded a Hollywood film.
Wigan Warriors half-back Ben Flower has been banned for two games for an elbow to the head of St Helens' Matty Smith.
Nasa is hoping to send humans to Mars.
(Close): Shares in Hewlett-Packard fell after the company reported a fall in quarterly revenue.
Nigeria's military says it has freed more than 200 people from the Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
Israel's Jerusalem planning committee has postponed a vote on approving hundreds of new homes in settlements in the occupied West Bank.
Former Netherlands captain Patrick Kluivert came off the bench to help Ajax beat PEC Zwolle and go second in the Dutch Eredivisie.
The number of house sales fell in June for the first time since October 2016, according to official figures.
Barnsley boss Lee Johnson says he understands why some fans want him to leave the club.
La La Land, starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, has won the People's Choice award at the Toronto Film Festival.
A group of firefighters have broken the world record for the largest naan bread.
Edinburgh is gearing up for its annual three-week arts festival.
A 15-year-old boy who raped and sexually assaulted five girls has been jailed for six years.
The entire governing board of the Vatican bank is being replaced, the Holy See has announced.
Jeremy Corbyn is on course to win the Labour leadership contest, according to a new poll.
Thailand's Senate has rejected a bill that would have granted amnesty to former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra.
JP Morgan has confirmed it is planning to move jobs out of London as part of contingency plans for Brexit.
Britain's Greg Rutherford set a new British long jump record to win at the Great City Games in Manchester.
Babies and young children are more likely to become obese if they are given larger portions of food, research suggests.
The Northern Ireland Assembly is to be re-elected, despite the DUP's decision to pull out of last year's assembly election.
A breast cancer patient who was denied a drug to treat her disease has said it was "barbaric" to be told she could not have it.
Tranmere boosted their National League play-off hopes with a thumping win at Dover.
A Blackpool fan has appeared in court in a bid to stop the club's owners taking legal action over comments he made on social media.
Britain's Chris Froome will defend his Tour de France title on Sunday after winning stage 20 on Saturday.
The 100th anniversary of Charles Rennie Mackintosh's masterpiece, the Glasgow School of Art, has been marked.
Queen of the South have signed Motherwell winger Dom Thomas and Dumbarton midfielder Joe Thomson on season-long loan deals.
Three more men have been arrested in connection with the murder of Ballymena man Kevin McIlhagga.
A salvage team has begun an initial inspection of the stricken drilling rig Deepwater Horizon.
A collection of World War Two medals belonging to a 92-year-old man have been stolen from his home.
A Northamptonshire MP has called for a ban on fireworks displays in back gardens, saying they are "rubbish".
Republican presidential hopefuls Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are vying for the party's nomination for November's election.
A priest who claims he was raped by a vicar in the 1980s has made a complaint to the Archbishop of York and four former bishops.
Jockeys are "unhappy" about the prospect of racing on Good Friday from next year, according to the head of the British Horseracing Authority.
Companies should be banned from bidding for public sector contracts in Wales, according to a new report.
Mesut Ozil says he wants to stay at Arsenal after the club's pre-season tour of Australia.
A French jihadist who carried out the Paris attacks in November has been buried in a secret ceremony, reports say.
Sergio Garcia carded a five-under-par 67 to share the lead after the first round of the BMW PGA Championship.
Meet Ruweyda, she's a seven-year-old girl who can't speak.
Two bottles of whisky salvaged from a shipwreck in 1941 may not have been recorded in official records, it has been claimed.
A prehistoric encampment found near Stonehenge has been dated to around 4,000 years ago, archaeologists have said.
Leaving the European Union would cost the UK an average of £1,700 a year in the short term, according to a think tank.
Wolves secured their place in the Championship play-offs with a hard-fought victory at Leeds.
Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence has spoken out for the first time about why she decided not to fight for more money when she was working on American Hustle.
An 18-year-old man who was seriously injured when his powerboat crashed into a buoy on the Hamble River in Southampton has been discharged from hospital.
Scientists have warned that a glacier in Nepal could burst into a series of large glacial lakes.
A look at some of the key stories in the world of sport over the past week.
Pope Francis has freed a priest who was jailed for leaking confidential documents from the Vatican.
The stars of the new Star Trek film, Star Trek Beyond, have welcomed the revelation that Hikaru Sulu is gay.
The results of the UK general election have been announced.
The work and pensions secretary has defended the government's welfare reforms, saying they will help disabled people get back to work.
Eugene has defended its decision to be awarded the 2021 World Athletics Championships.
Boris Johnson has said he will not resign as an MP if the Conservatives back plans for a third runway at Heathrow.
Torquay United came from behind to beat Kidderminster Harriers and boost their National League survival hopes.
A new minister in Myanmar (also known as Burma) has been forced to resign after he was caught using a fake university degree.
A former soldier who shot a boy in the head with a rubber bullet has expressed concerns about his fitness to give evidence at an inquest, a court has heard.
The BBC has scrapped its controversial chat show-style Today at Wimbledon programme.
A group of homeowners are facing a bill of "several hundred thousand pounds" after a wall collapsed on to their property.
A County Armagh man who stole more than £110,000 from a law firm has been jailed for six years.
Marcus Rashford's stoppage-time winner gave Manchester United a deserved victory over struggling Hull City at Old Trafford.
Argentina have sacked coach Edgardo Bauza after failing to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Judith Pomsel, who served as Joseph Goebbels' secretary during World War Two, has died at the age of 106.
Nato has condemned as "unacceptable" a Russian incursion into its airspace on Saturday.
Swansea City's players will pay for supporters' tickets for the final two games of the Premier League season.
At least 40 people have been killed in a truck bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
An inquest into the death of a woman who died of blood poisoning in north London has heard she should have been treated earlier.
A Powys council chief executive has lost his appeal against a decision to suspend him.
Curzon is to be honoured with a Bafta award for its "extraordinary contribution" to the British film industry.
Braintree Town manager Keith Cowley says his side's 1-0 defeat by Barrow was their "toughest challenge to date".
Dominika Cibulkova and Angelique Kerber will meet in the final of the WTA Finals in Singapore on Sunday.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said it would be "fairer" to sell off social housing in the most expensive areas of the UK.
Guernsey beat Gotland 3-1 in the final of the Island Games table tennis on Tuesday.
(Close): The FTSE 250 ended the day higher, with shares in Carillion and EasyJet among the biggest risers.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team he has played against in his managerial career.
The BBC should make a spin-off series of The Apprentice, according to its host Lord Sugar.
The father of Marussia Formula 1 driver Jules Bianchi has said he is "less optimistic" about his son's recovery from a crash in Japan.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man whose body was found in a Leeds park.
At least 20 people have been killed and dozens injured in an explosion at an oil pipeline in central Mexico, officials say.
A world boxing champion has been given a suspended prison sentence for assaulting his girlfriend.
Seven churches in Shropshire and Herefordshire have been awarded grants of more than £500,000 to carry out repairs.
At least seven people have been killed in a suspected chlorine gas attack in the Syrian city of Aleppo, reports say.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro to win men's singles gold at the Rio Olympics.
A cat called Arthur has been in the news recently after he was found on the streets of London by a group of people.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have received a warm welcome from Canada's governor general as they began their first official tour of the country.
Wales Air Ambulance is to trial new incubators for newborn babies, the charity has announced.
A golden eagle has made itself at home at a Perthshire nature reserve.
Broadchurch actress Julie Hesmondhalgh is to become a patron of a rape charity.
It is often said that the most important thing for a company to learn from a tragedy is how to deal with it.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been told he will return to full-time training following a disciplinary procedure.
England's Luke Donald has been named as the new host of next year's British Masters at The Grove at Royal Troon.
Bristol City have held talks with former Watford defender Martin Olsson, says head coach Lee Johnson.
As Formula 1 prepares for this weekend's Monaco Grand Prix, BBC Sport looks back at the journey that brought Northern Ireland's Jonathan Rea to the track in 1995.
A senior al-Qaeda leader has been killed in a US drone strike in Yemen, US media report.
A man accused of murdering a Denbighshire drug dealer has told a court it was a "stupid idea" to approach his victim's car with a knife.
Plans for a new lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) bar on the site of a former pub have been given the go-ahead.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has fined Northern Ireland boxers Michael Conlan, Joe Fowler and Stephen Donnelly for betting on boxing events at Rio 2016.
One of David Cameron's most senior cabinet ministers has said he will campaign for the UK to leave the European Union.
As the 70th anniversary of the evacuation of Dunkirk is marked, BBC News takes a look at the experiences of some of the men involved.
A primary school head teacher is offering all his staff a 'duvet day' to help tackle a shortage of teachers.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the decision to ban Russia from the 2016 Paralympics.
A Powys town's library is to be taken over by a secondary school.
A powerful earthquake has struck south-eastern Japan, hours after a powerful quake struck the same area on Thursday.
A man has died in a house fire in Greater Manchester.
A former Lavey and Magherafelt footballer has appeared in court charged with stealing more than £500,000.
A new community centre in Carmarthenshire is set to open to the public.
Nato's failure to investigate civilian deaths during its air campaign in Libya last year is "deeply troubling", a rights group has said.
A symposium on the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris has been cancelled.
Plans for a "vertical pier" have been given the go-ahead by Teesside council.
Four-time Olympic champion Mo Farah broke his own world record to win the Lisbon Half Marathon.
The UN envoy to Syria, Staffan de Mistura, says he expects formal talks between the warring parties to resume on Monday.
Great Britain's Gabby and Chris Adcock are targeting a first badminton world title at the World Championships in Glasgow in August.
A teenager has been released on bail after he was arrested in connection with a disturbance at a house in Londonderry.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has filed a lawsuit against the US military, accusing it of discriminating against women.
When Pope Benedict XVI announced in September that he was resigning, it came as a huge shock to the Roman Catholic Church.
Mae cwmni wnaeth orfod rhoi'r gorau i ddarparu gofal i gyngor Conwy yn dweud bod nifer o'u haelodau yn ei chael hi'n anodd i oroesi.
An investigation has been launched after the first fire engine to arrive at a blaze in Suffolk arrived 15 minutes later than the second.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says his side must take risks in Saturday's first Test against New Zealand in Auckland.
Cole Stockton's second-half strike gave Tranmere a 1-0 win over Dover at Prenton Park.
Goals from Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers gave Grimsby a 2-0 win over Accrington in League Two.
Kenyan election officials have had to drive hundreds of kilometres to a counting centre in Nairobi to collect the results of spoiled ballots.
Russian police have carried out raids on the homes of suspected members of Japan's Aum Shinrikyo cult, Russian media report.
Kenya's Conseslus Sumgong won Olympic gold in the women's marathon as Bahrain's Asma Kirwa took silver.
A car that featured in the 1976 film Likely Lads has been reunited with its former owner for the first time in 98 years.
Britain's Jo Pavey won the women's 800m at the age of 33 to become the oldest woman to win a major international title.
The former finance minister Jonathan Bell has resigned over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of Peter Morgan, who has been found guilty of murdering his lover Georgina Symonds.
A new type of cricket helmet has been developed in the wake of the death of Australia's Phillip Hughes last year.
Bu farw Sophie Taylor yn euog o achosi ei marwolaeth trwy yrru'n beryglus yng Nghaerdydd wedi cyfaddef i'r un cyhuddiad ar ôl ei gartref ei chariad.
Millwall will face Barnsley in the League One play-off final after a 1-1 draw with Bradford at The Den.
A man has been fined for fly-tipping after he dumped Â£10,000 worth of rubbish on a main road.
A new species of gecko has been discovered in Madagascar that is able to tear away its own skin when attacked.
Chip giant Qualcomm has agreed to pay a $5bn (Â£3.5bn) fine in China after the country's anti-monopoly regulator ruled it broke the law.
Morocco's new coach Herve Renard is aiming to become only the second coach to win three Africa Cup of Nations titles.
Derek McInnes has backed Gordon Strachan to pick the best left-back in Scotland.
Mark Ronson's Uptown Funk has gone straight to number one in the UK singles chart, beating Ed Sheeran's Do They Know It's Christmas?
More than a quarter of A-level students in England are studying in schools outside their council area, according to analysis by the New Schools Network.
EastEnders and Emmerdale were among the winners at this year's Inside Soap Awards.
Cannabis plants with an estimated street value of £500,000 have been found in two buildings in Cardiff.
The deportation of a Bangor student is "callous and inhumane", the National Union of Students Wales has said.
Police are investigating claims a Cardiff college may have colluded with prospective students deliberately to defraud the student finance system.
Canadian police have arrested a man accused of trying to smuggle drugs across the border from the United States.
A piece of rocket wreckage found washed up on the Isles of Scilly is to be sent back to the United States, SpaceX has confirmed.
The mother of Caylee Anthony, who was acquitted of murdering her in 2011, has said she is "happy" with her life.
The South Korean government says North Korea has kept 70% of wages paid to workers at a jointly run industrial zone.
Manchester City have been fined £100,000 for failing to provide accurate information about players' training routines.
A nursery worker has appeared in court charged with rape and child sex offences.
More than half of people in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire are worried about their Christmas spending, according to a BBC survey.
England missed the chance to top their Euro 2016 group as they were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia.
A student who lost her hand in a nightclub has said she does not know how she could have lost it.
Pako Ayestaran has replaced Gary Neville as Valencia head coach.
A dog that was shot in the head with a crossbow bolt is making a "miraculous recovery", the RSPCA has said.
Hackers may have accessed the personal data of as many as 14 million US government workers, US officials say.
The German government should consider raising the retirement age to 69, according to the country's central bank, the Bundesbank.
Bath have made two signings ahead of the 2016-17 Premiership season.
Marianne Vos of the Netherlands won the second stage of the Criterium du Dauphine on Thursday.
A woman in her 50s has died following a two-vehicle crash on the M1 near Lurgan, County Armagh.
The shortlist for the 2013 BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be revealed on Tuesday.
The Northern Ireland Executive's decision to appoint a new press secretary has been criticised by opposition politicians.
Two youths suffered burns to their faces when a bonfire caught fire in Larbert.
Tennis is one of the fastest-growing sports in the world, and the number of top players in the sport is at an all-time high.
A search is under way for the remains of a Pembrokeshire village which was wiped out by Storm Desmond.
Scarlets moved off the bottom of the Pro12 with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues at the Arms Park.
Iranian forces have launched a major offensive against rebel-held areas in north-eastern Syria, just days after the US-led coalition brokered a nuclear deal with Iran.
England's Ian Poulter took a one-shot lead into the final round of the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth.
The general election campaign has been a series of tightly controlled photo opportunities... by all the main parties.
Two Welsh cities are bidding to become the next UK City of Culture.
The government's stake in Lloyds Banking Group has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis.
Typhoon Chan-hom has made landfall in China's Zhejiang province, bringing torrential rain and strong winds.
UK scientists have created synthetic DNA that mimics the way DNA and RNA communicate with each other.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the political crisis in Kenya.
Police in the US state of North Dakota say they have arrested more than 100 people protesting against a controversial oil pipeline.
A Japanese boy who went missing for six days after his parents left him alone on a mountain road has been found safe and well.
A British soldier who carried the Olympic torch has been inundated with requests to become a friend on Facebook.
Northampton Town's Ayoze Toney says he has experienced homesickness while on loan at Newcastle United.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with preparing terrorist acts after he was arrested at Heathrow Airport.
A teenager has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in County Durham.
Authorities in the US state of Arizona say they have broken up a huge Mexican drug smuggling network.
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Joe Yates on a season-long loan deal.
Asia is set to overtake North America as the world's richest region by 2019, according to the World Economic Forum.
A Dumfries woman has been found guilty of having a pipe bomb in her home.
Iraqi forces have retaken the airport in western Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS), Iraqi officials say.
China's Fosun International has made a takeover bid for Portuguese healthcare firm ESS.
"It's like Darwin's theory of evolution - cancer survives through Darwinian evolution."
Joe Clarke hit his first Championship century of the season as Derbyshire beat Worcestershire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup.
Saracens are ready to "write a new chapter" in their history after winning the Premiership and European Champions Cup last season, says captain Mike Barritt.
The wife of a millionaire from Exeter has been found guilty of murdering him in Ukraine, an inquest has heard.
The front pages of the Belfast Telegraph, News Letter and Daily Mirror all have the same story on their front pages this morning.
Shakespeare is one of the most famous writers in the world.
Kirsty Inglis has opened her left eye for the first time since she was seriously injured in a motorbike accident in Vietnam.
Mae'r Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol wedi dweud eu bod nhw'n derbyn canlyniad y refferendwm ar ddiwedd y trafodaethau Brexit.
Jockey Ryan Moore has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a neck injury.
Plans for travellers' pitches in Lincolnshire have been rejected by councillors.
Former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Rato and two former Bankia board members have gone on trial in Madrid accused of embezzlement.
Jockey AP McCoy has said he is "honoured and flattered" after a statue of him was unveiled at Cheltenham Festival.
The former leader of the Progressive Unionist Party (PUP), William "Plum" Smith, has died at the age of 83.
Three Russian cyclists have been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics, the sport's governing body says.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said the US wants to be a "good partner" with Egypt, amid a political crisis in the country.
The body of a man has been found at the bottom of an excavation at a water treatment works.
Nato has condemned as "unacceptable" a report that Russia has deployed cruise missiles to its easternmost territory.
Wigan Warriors have signed half-back Sam Hopkins from Championship side Leigh Centurions for an undisclosed fee.
Oxford United were held to a draw by League Two strugglers Newport County.
A new system has been launched to give trainee doctors a first-hand experience of working in a GP practice.
A new documentary by Keanu Reeves and Chris Kenneally looks at the transition from film to digital formats.
A "photobomb" bird has been captured on camera at a railway station in north Wales.
Leeds United owner Massimo Cellino says he will not allow any of his players to live outside the club.
A Labour councillor has pleaded not guilty to possessing indecent images of children.
Swedish fashion retailer H&M is to open its first High Street store in London next month.
The winner of a competition to find the world's heaviest tomato is to be revealed at a North Yorkshire flower show.
A children's TV channel has been nominated for four Bafta Children's Awards, including one for the first time.
Benfica secured their third successive Portuguese league title and Club Brugge became the first Belgian champions in 11 years.
The Bank of England has published its five-year "stress test" for the UK's banks.
Paris St-Germain have completed the signing of defender Marquinhos from Roma for an undisclosed fee.
A 25-year-old man has been charged with dangerous driving after a pedestrian bridge collapsed on to the M25 in Kent.
A house has been destroyed in a fire in Perthshire.
The mother of a British man accused of trying to shoot Donald Trump has said her son is "terrified" of his sentence.
A row has broken out over Apple's plans for a news app that will require publishers to indemnify the firm in the event of legal action.
Legislation is needed to deal with cyber-bullying, the children's commissioner for Wales has said.
A man who died after taking a hallucinogenic drug was in a state of "excited delirium" when he took the drug, an inquiry has heard.
More than 30 people had to be evacuated from their homes in West Lothian after a fire was started deliberately, police have said.
Pakistan's military says it has carried out air strikes on militant hideouts in the north-west of the country.
A US judge has ordered the Trump Organization to release records of who has visited the president's New York golf resort.
These are some of the new species discovered in the Mekong delta in South East Asia last year.
A man who sexually assaulted a woman in a Kent street in June 2014 has been jailed for four years.
Scientists say they have found a way to hack the nerves of the body and use them to treat diseases such as diabetes.
A motorcyclist has died and a nine-year-old boy is in a serious condition in hospital after a crash in east London.
Police have appealed for help in tracing a 70-year-old man who has been missing from his home in Ayrshire for more than 24 hours.
The Speaker of the House of Commons has ruled that Labour is the official opposition.
A private equity firm has ruled itself out of the stock market's formal takeover procedures for investment firm Alliance Trust.
Munster's Ian Keatley missed a last-gasp drop-goal as his side were held to a draw by Edinburgh at Murrayfield.
(Close): Shares in Marks and Spencer fell sharply after the supermarket group said it was in talks with US rival Amazon over a possible deal.
The price of natural gas in Europe has jumped after Russia said it would not cut supplies to the continent through Ukraine.
Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy says Christophe Berra is the best defender in the Championship.
Formula 1 teams have until 1 July to come up with a single design for the cockpit head protection system they will use in 2017.
Lithium could be a "key piece of the ageing puzzle", according to University College London (UCL).
More than 30 children from the Jungle migrant camp in Calais are to be moved to a temporary home in Devon.
Venezuelan Vice-President Elias Isturiz has said President Nicolas Maduro will not be removed from office by a recall referendum.
Premiership Rugby's proposal to extend the domestic season to 10 months has been criticised by the Rugby Players' Association.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for high winds across Northern Ireland.
Malala Yousafzai has said she will "never forget" the 219 Nigerian schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militants in April 2014.
Derbyshire put in a solid performance on day one of the first day-night Championship match to be played with the pink ball against Glamorgan at Derby.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead in Hyde Park.
Sailings on the Stornoway-Ullapool route were cancelled on Thursday because of a fault with a new passenger ferry.
A woman who was raped in the 1970s has written to the director of public prosecutions, Alison Saunders, to ask for an investigation into her case to be reviewed.
Tunisia and Morocco say they have "turned the page" on their dispute with the Confederation of African Football (Caf).
France stunned England to reach the semi-finals of the World Cup with a clinical victory at Twickenham.
A teenager from Wrexham has been selected to represent Great Britain in taekwondo at the Austrian Open.
More than 200,000 people have signed a petition calling on a US judge to rethink his sentence for a sexual assault.
The Yorkshire Sculpture Park (YSP) has unveiled plans for a new £5m visitor centre.
The front pages of Scotland's morning newspapers were dominated by the prospect of an SNP victory in the Holyrood election.
A fire at a disused railway line in Monmouthshire is believed to have been deliberately set, police have said.
League One side Scunthorpe United have signed Bradford City midfielder Joe Ward on loan until the end of the season.
Former North Wales Police chief David Anglesea is to launch an appeal against his conviction for child sex abuse, his lawyer has said.
The National Farmers' Union (NFU) has said its members should vote to stay in the European Union.
French actress Michele Morgan, who won a Cannes Film Festival award in 1946, has died at the age of 91.
The leaders of the EU's 28 member states have agreed on a plan for dealing with the migrant crisis.
The opening of a new £1.2bn bridge across the Firth of Forth has been delayed until May 2017, the Scottish government has confirmed.
A third sinkhole has opened up in Manchester city centre in less than two months.
A new £20m university campus on the Yorkshire coast has been officially opened.
Work has begun to restore part of the Swansea Canal.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen, the UK's first gourmet burger chain, has been bought by the owner of Nando.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has been given a one-game touchline ban for his confrontation with Greenock Morton's Jim Duffy.
England are through to the semi-finals of the World Twenty20 after a thrilling seven-run win over Sri Lanka in Delhi.
It's one of the most ambitious video game projects in the history of the industry.
Cyclist Sir Bradley Wiggins has become the first Briton to win an Olympic gold medal on home soil, as Katherine Glover and Jo Stanning won rowing gold.
Great Britain's hopes of reaching the America's Cup challenger round suffered a setback on the third day of racing in Bermuda.
At the start of June, the head of the Pro12, Barry Dodson, was joined by the chief executive of the Irish Rugby Football Union, Jim Browne, to discuss the future of the competition.
Alfred Russel Wallace was one of the most famous British journalists of his time.
Leinster maintained their 100% start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought victory over Scarlets at the RDS.
A project to mark the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeare's death has been launched by the British Council.
US President Barack Obama has asked Congress for $1.6bn (Â£1.2bn) to help improve relations between police and black communities.
Bombardier has announced that the first of its new CS300 aircraft will be built in Belfast.
Police in Los Angeles have defended their decision to evacuate schools after receiving a bomb threat.
Northern Ireland were beaten 2-0 by Spain in their opening Group A match at the Uefa Women's Under-19 Championship in Ballymena.
The Belfast Giants have signed defenceman Dustin Johner for the 2017-18 Elite League season.
Virgin Media has been accused of exaggerating the number of homes and businesses it has connected to high-speed broadband.
Arriva Trains has said some of its trains are out of use while it carries out maintenance work.
David Cameron must make clear that he will not drop his pledge to cut net migration to 100,000 if he wins the EU referendum, a Labour MP has said.
The director of a play about the attempted rape of a young Druid by a Roman soldier, Ivan Bogdanov, says he felt like "a symbol of freedom of expression" when he was prosecuted under the 1956 Sexual Offences Act.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a race up a hill in a Gloucestershire town.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates has donated a further $10bn (Â£6.5bn) to charity.
A UKIP member has said he will not back any of the candidates in the party's leadership contest, including anti-Islam campaigner Diane Waters.
When you are the world's most decorated Olympian, you would think you would have plenty of time to prepare for the 2020 Games in Tokyo.
Lithuania's Natalia Meilutyte set a new world record in qualifying for the women's 100m backstroke final at the World Championships.
Bristol City moved three points off the Championship play-off places as they beat Ipswich Town at Ashton Gate.
Former Ospreys scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended from the Wales squad after an incident in Cardiff city centre.
Uncertainty over the impact of Brexit on the UK's manufacturing sector has increased, according to a survey.
West Ham fans have voted in favour of a game between the club's men's and women's teams at Upton Park.
People on benefits are "living in constant anxiety" about changes to their entitlements, according to a new study.
The accountants at the centre of the Oscars best picture mix-up have been given police protection, it has been reported.
A community organiser from Port Talbot has said he is concerned about the future of Tata Steel in Wales.
Theresa May has said she would like to see the issue of EU citizens living in the UK dealt with in the early part of Brexit talks.
Russia has shared with the EU a list of 89 people it says it has banned from entering the country.
Two rival street gangs in Honduras have announced a truce, in a move that could help reduce the country's high murder rate.
GoPro's chief executive has announced plans to launch a drone.
Plans to cut home-to-school transport subsidies for children in Gloucestershire have been put on hold.
As Tiger Woods prepares for the Dubai Desert Classic on the European Tour, BBC Sport takes a look at some of the other high-profile names who will be in action this week.
The government does not fully understand the impact of local authority funding cuts in England, the Public Accounts Committee has said.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce and Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez say they will go "right to the wire" to avoid Premier League relegation.
Snooker star Mark Lee has been fined and ordered to repay £1,600 after he failed to send a snooker cue to a fan.
A US woman charged with child sex offences in Wrexham has had the case against her dropped.
Phones running the Android operating system are to get a major security update, Google has said.
A woman has been jailed for six years for killing her unborn baby by poisoning it with a drug she bought online.
England beat West Indies by seven wickets to win the fifth one-day international and complete a 3-0 series whitewash.
Former Olympic heptathlon champion Jo Sotherton says she is open to the idea of rewriting world records set before 2005.
Three hospitals in Bristol have been placed on "black alert" because of high demand.
David Cameron has said the UK will continue to work "very closely" with China, despite reports that he has been barred from visiting the country.
Craig McAllister scored a late equaliser to earn Eastleigh a 1-1 draw at home to Aldershot.
Police are investigating an "appalling" number of vandalisms to cars in the north of Edinburgh.
At least five people have been killed in Australia's New South Wales (NSW) state after days of torrential rain and high winds.
How do you design a space suit that is safe, comfortable and affordable for people who want to go into space?
An Italian mafia clan has been accused of running a "money printing operation" by stealing millions of euros from an immigrant centre.
A Florida man has been found guilty of killing his wife and posting a picture of her on Facebook.
Newport Gwent Dragons prop Rhys Cudd has signed a new contract with the Pro12 club.
Spending on private ambulances in London has more than doubled in the past two years, according to Labour.
The Indian government has filed a lawsuit against Vodafone in a long-running tax dispute.
When Ole Gunnar Solskjaer led Manchester United to their first and only Champions League title in 1999, he was regarded as one of the greatest managers of all time.
Asian markets were lower on Friday after the European Central Bank (ECB) cut interest rates but did not increase its stimulus programme.
The Casement Park stadium project is behind schedule and needs to address two key issues before it can make progress, a report has said.
A scheme to encourage people to get off their cars and onto bicycles in Dumfries has been dropped by the council.
Tributes have been paid to British student Joel Richards, who was killed in the Tunisia beach attack.
A North Korean man held in Malaysia in connection with the death of Kim Jong-nam has said he is innocent.
Two teenagers who stole a vicar's car in a "shocking attack" have been detained.
Scotland scrum-half Jamie Hamilton has been left out of Vern Cotter's World Cup squad.
Scotland's Jason Lewis won gold in the men's long jump at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
The US zoo where Harambe the gorilla was shot and killed has deleted its Twitter account.
China's economy grew by 6.8% in 2015, its slowest pace in more than a decade, official figures show.
Scientists have developed a new type of battery which mimics the structure of the small intestine.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has urged his players not to leave the Premier League champions this summer.
The Church of England has appointed its first woman bishop, the Very Reverend Anne Lane.
Oldham and Wigan played out a goalless draw at Boundary Park.
Swindon Town's record goalscorer Jordan Rhodes has been released by the club after leaving Saturday's 1-0 defeat by Plymouth Argyle.
An investigation into the death of a woman in Tayside has been ordered by the police watchdog.
A Royal Mail postbox in Henley-on-Thames has been painted gold to mark Team GB's success at the Olympics.
Bangladesh took control of the second Test against England in Chittagong after England fought back on day two.
Bus drivers in Cardiff have accepted an offer from the city council to end a dispute over pay and conditions.
A procession will be held across the Forth Road Bridge in Fife to mark 50 years since it opened.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has suggested the US could become an unreliable ally of Nato, if he wins the election.
Re-wilding rivers should be encouraged across the UK to reduce the risk of flooding, experts say.
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann has been ruled out of Saturday's match against Real Madrid because of a foot injury.
A gull has been shot dead in a "mindless act of cruelty" in the Borders.
Shares on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs.
Protesters in the western Indian state of Gujarat have set fire to government buses and poisoned seven Dalit men, police say.
Ex-footballer Paul Gascoigne and comedian Steve Coogan are among those to have received settlements in the phone hacking scandal.
Researchers have worked out how monarch butterflies navigate the 2,000-mile (3,000km) journey from monarch farms in the US to their winter home in Mexico.
The University of Manchester has unveiled the UK's most powerful computer.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty in the wake of last week's failed coup.
A World War Two fighter jet that was used in the Gulf War has been put up for sale by two ex-RAF engineers.
The new leader of Birmingham City Council has been elected after five attempts.
Surfers have been taking advantage of huge swells created by Storm Doris off the Scottish coast.
Romelu Lukaku and Eden Hazard scored as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway in their final Euro 2016 warm-up game.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha has urged his players to build on their impressive start to life in the top flight.
There is a shortage of local graduates who can speak languages, according to Ulster University.
The world's largest moveable nuclear shield has been put into place at the Chernobyl nuclear plant in Ukraine.
A police investigation into a crash in which Tour de France champion Chris Froome's bike was hit by a car has been closed.
Northern Ireland's new councils will have a range of new powers when they take over from Stormont next year.
A fire which destroyed a former textile mill in Bradford has highlighted the need for a review of West Yorkshire's mills, Historic England has said.
Cambridge City Council has said it has "no concerns" about bunting knitted by knitters for the Tour de France.
An Indian religious leader has said that allowing women into a Hindu temple could lead to an increase in rape incidents.
The mother of a girl accused of being sexually abused by a gang in Sheffield has told a court her daughter's character changed from a lovely girl to an animal.
A father has described how he "knew something was wrong" when he found a dead baby girl in a bus stop.
A UKIP leadership candidate's chef was stopped by the Border Agency as he tried to enter the UK from India.
An Australian research ship that ran aground on rocks in the Antarctic has been moved to a safer location.
Four people have been rescued after their yacht capsized off the County Antrim coast.
Spain's Santander and Germany's Deutsche Bank have failed the latest round of US bank stress tests.
An appeal to raise money for the family of murdered MP Jo Cox has passed £7m.
Online grocer Ocado has returned to profit for the first time in its 10-year history.
Wales defender Chris Gunter says it would be a "massive mistake" to get complacent as they bid to qualify for Euro 2016.
Welsh and Irish ministers are meeting to discuss the future of the Irish border after Brexit.
An unexploded World War Two flare has been found on a beach in the Australian state of New South Wales.
Scotland's number one squash player Chloe Adderley has won her first national title at the Scottish National Squash Championships.
Former Glasgow City Council leader Michael Matheson has stepped down from his post to become a visiting professor at Strathclyde University.
Militants have attacked a police station in southern Afghanistan's Helmand province, killing at least one officer and wounding several others, officials say.
The proportion of pupils going on to a "positive destination" after leaving school has risen, according to new figures.
Stephen Hawking has warned that the human race faces a "near certainty" of disaster in the next 10,000 years.
England's Tommy Fleetwood is in a three-way tie for the lead with American Brian Harman after the first round of the US Open.
Turkish women who apply for jobs in Germany wearing headscarves are much less likely to be invited for interview, a study suggests.
Lewis Hamilton says he is in the "most solid place" of his career after finishing third in the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a march in Mexico City calling for the country to legalise same-sex marriage.
Three men and two teenagers have been arrested following the Celtic v Rangers match at Pittodrie on Friday night.
A man who subjected a woman to a "horrendous catalogue of offending" has been jailed for eight years.
The number of young people owning their own home is at its lowest level since records began, according to a report.
The family of a soldier found dead at an Army barracks in Surrey 20 years ago have said they are "relieved" a fresh inquest has been ordered.
The family of Singapore's founding father, Lee Kuan Yew, has been caught up in a bitter row over the scale of commemorations to mark his death.
Three Dundee students have created a bag which plays a voice recording when you take your credit card out.
Two men have been charged with historical sex offences against boys at a boarding school.
Harlequins have signed scrum-half Alex Jackson from Premiership rivals Wasps.
Worcestershire's County Championship Division Two match against Kent has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
An Italian ferry that caught fire off the Spanish island of Mallorca is in danger of sinking, port officials say.
Police investigating the murder of a man in County Antrim last week have made a number of arrests.
A Caerphilly county meat firm has been fined £15,000 after a retrial for mislabelling frozen meat.
When Jacques Godin's father was killed in a car crash, it was a devastating blow for the Godin family.
The owner of a £1m lottery ticket bought in Denbighshire has been urged to come forward.
The French honorary consul in the Turkish city of Bodrum has been caught on camera selling supplies to migrants trying to reach Europe.
Scottish UKIP MEP Tom Coburn has said he would "do his best" to lead the party if asked to do so.
Eddie Redmayne has revealed he's been working on his "feminine physicality" for his next film.
Ronnie O'Sullivan reached the second round of the Welsh Grand Prix with a 4-3 win over Mark Holt.
London's Tube is to trial badges for disabled and sick passengers to help them find a seat.
Two Featherstone Rovers players have been banned for four years after testing positive for banned substances.
More than 100 churches in Nigeria's biggest city, Lagos, have been shut down for failing to reduce noise levels.
Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon in the Irish Premiership.
As part of the Dying Matters Coalition, I have been working to raise awareness of the importance of end-of-life care.
Rangers Football Club has raised more than £22m in a share issue.
The government of Indian-administered Kashmir has banned lavish weddings.
Tributes have been paid to Sunday Times columnist Adrian Gill, who has died at the age of 55.
Rangers have appointed Manchester City's academy director Mark Allen as their new director of football.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has never been one to back down.
Archaeologists have uncovered evidence that Galloway may have been the heart of a lost Dark Age kingdom.
Russell Knox and Paul Casey share the lead after the second round of the Travelers Championship in Connecticut.
Annan Athletic striker Omar al-Hassan hopes his side's run in the Scottish Cup will inspire other young players to follow in his footsteps.
Councils in England and Wales are planning to raise council tax next year to pay for social care, a survey suggests.
A company that provided ambulances for a Sussex patient transport service has said it has not been paid for six months.
US striker Alex Morgan has signed for French champions Lyon on a two-year contract.
Great Britain's Bianca Cheshire missed out on a first World Cup slopestyle medal of the season as she failed to qualify for the final in California.
Welsh boxer Nicola Adams hopes to win the right for women to wear lighter gloves in her next bout as she pushes for longer rounds in women's boxing.
Sevilla remain on course to become the first team to win three consecutive Europa League titles after drawing the first leg of their semi-final in Ukraine.
The head of the US military in Ukraine, Breedlove, has warned that Russia's military expansion in Crimea could threaten the entire Black Sea region.
When you're a child, there are few things more nerve-wracking than missing a last-gasp putt.
A three-year-old German Shepherd called Ludwig has become a star in his own right.
Sinn Féin has accused the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) of "dragging recklessly" the political process over a botched heating scheme.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police is to step down following a damning report into the force's handling of the Rotherham child abuse scandal.
The number of people with diabetes in Wales is rising at an "alarming rate", a charity has warned.
Hearts have signed Poland international defender Tomasz Grzelak on a two-year deal.
The operators of the UK's free-to-use cash machines are in talks with banks in a bid to resolve a dispute over fees.
A Saudi source has told the BBC that a $681m (Â£400m) donation to Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak was intended to help him win the 2013 election.
Chris Eubank Jr says he will not be affected by the brain injury suffered by his father Chris in his British middleweight title fight against Jamie Doran on Saturday.
Turkish police say they have seized more than 1,300 badly made life jackets used by migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean.
A Southend United fan has been given a suspended prison sentence after he was involved in an incident at the League One club's ground.
Defending champions Chris and Gabby Adcock have become the first pair to win the English Open five times.
Shrewsbury's League One play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by Sheffield United.
Robert Lewandowski was taken off on a stretcher after being hit by a ball during Poland's Euro 2016 qualifier against Montenegro.
Kids in Australia have been given the chance to design their own national parks.
An agreement in principle has been reached to end a dispute over the minimum wage on Northern Isles cargo boats.
Ospreys will be boosted by the return of fly-half Vereniki Goneva for their Pro12 match against Scarlets on Boxing Day.
Jockey David Ackerman has had his six-month ban for betting on horse races overturned on appeal.
Nato has formally ended its 10-year mission in Afghanistan.
Two refugees have been praised for helping a far-right German politician who was hit by a car.
A man has died in a crash between two cars in Manchester.
Prime Minister Theresa May has been accused of having a "tin ear" on devolution by the first minister.
Former England batsman Paul Downton has been named as the England and Wales Cricket Board's new chief executive.
The family of a man killed in a crash caused by an unlicensed driver have called for tougher penalties for dangerous drivers.
Two sheep have been reunited with their owner after being found in a garden in Londonderry.
Greece has published a list of reforms it wants to make in order to secure a third bailout from its creditors.
Plans for the future of Gloucester Prison have been unveiled.
BBC Radio 1 DJ Fearne Cotton has played her final show on the station.
Bath and England scrum-half Tom Watson has been charged with two offences following his red card in Saturday's Premiership defeat by Saracens.
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as Cheltenham moved back to the top of the National League with victory over Woking.
An ancient Chinese board game has been discovered in a 2,300-year-old tomb.
Rangers defender Dani Alves says he would have signed for the club even if they had not played in Europe this season.
China's inflation rate fell for the second month in a row in September as producer prices continued to fall.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is "not happy" with Jazz Richards' recovery from a broken leg.
A device on the Virgin Galactic space plane that crashed last week, killing one pilot, may have been accidentally activated.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has declared victory over so-called Islamic State in the city of Mosul.
The UK's Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has called for a ban on the use of two common pesticides after research suggested they affect the brains of honey bees.
A new centre of excellence for marine and bio-energy research is to be set up in County Tyrone after it was awarded £10m in EU funding.
Egyptian experts say they have found "anomalies" in three of the country's pyramids.
An unexploded World War Two bomb has been found in a quarry.
A man has been arrested in connection with the alleged abduction and attempted sale of model Chloe Ayling.
Prank TV shows have become increasingly popular in the Middle East and North Africa during the holy month of Ramadan, but are also criticised for taking things too far.
General Motors (GM) is investing $1.3bn (Â£1.1bn) in a new plant in Ontario, Canada.
The body of former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has been lying in repose in the city's city hall.
A fox cub has been rescued from the engine bay of a car in Aberdeenshire.
The distinctive Scots accent has been changing for more than 100 years, according to new research.
A cathedral in Surrey is set to be saved from demolition after raising more than £5m.
She plays a no-nonsense politician in a hit US TV series, and now Robin Wright is fighting to be paid the same as her male counterpart.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed little changed on Wednesday, despite Tiffany's reporting better-than-expected results.
Unpaid internships should be banned in the UK, a cross-party group of MPs has said.
The Scottish government has announced funding for a project to help bring down the cost of offshore wind turbines.
A pregnant woman has told a court she had "no idea" 12 people were hidden in a van on a day trip to France.
Cuba was the first Communist state in the western hemisphere to gain independence from the United States.
England captain Alastair Cook has "got the right-sized feet" to become one of the greatest batsmen in the world, says former Australia captain Michael Clarke.
The Scottish SPCA has called for the licensing of airguns after a cat was shot in the leg in Aberdeenshire.
The flag of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has been flown at Stormont for the first time.
A Labour MEP is to take up a top role at an international body that advises companies on how they report their activities.
Hackers say they have stolen Game of Thrones scripts and episodes of Ballers from US TV network HBO.
Police have launched an investigation into allegations of sexual abuse at Kids Company, a children's charity in London.
Actor Morgan Freeman is to receive a lifetime achievement award from the American Film Institute (AFI).
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of terrorism offences.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has performed worse than expected in the latest European banking stress test.
The Isle of Wight's "floating bridge" is to be changed to allow more people to board and disembark at the same time.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats half-back Joe Simon has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
A new divorce form has been criticised for asking for the name of the person your husband or wife has committed adultery with.
One of Scotland's most famous birds of prey, the osprey, has returned to a nature reserve.
If you leave your mobile phone at home do you worry you will not be able to reach it?
Russia's foreign ministry spokeswoman has suggested that US Jews helped Donald Trump win the presidential election.
Four people were taken to hospital after a fire broke out on a Tube train at Oxford Circus station.
Egyptian police and intelligence officers are carrying out a campaign of sexual violence against detainees, the human rights group Amnesty International says.
Leigh Griffiths is relishing the prospect of leading Celtic back to the top of the Scottish Premiership.
The UK's unemployment rate has fallen below 5% for the first time in more than a decade, official figures show.
An episode of Derren Brown's TV show that featured the illusionist asphyxiating himself was unsuitable for broadcast before the watershed, a watchdog has ruled.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty set a new world record in the 50m breaststroke as he retained his Olympic title in Rio.
A freckle on the finger of a childcare worker who ran a paedophile website was the key to his arrest, it has emerged.
What does it take to live in a space capsule?
A man has been charged in connection with a series of bomb attacks in the Canadian city of Winnipeg.
Dundee United have completed the signing of Ross Murdoch from Ross County.
Militants in eastern Libya say they have killed four Egyptian journalists who were kidnapped last year.
Britain's Hannah Lucas won the Para-cycling World Cup series for the second year in a row with victory in Canada.
Universities should offer students a binding contract to ensure they get the best possible education, says Universities Minister Jo Johnson.
India has condemned Pakistan's decision to sentence an Indian navy officer to death for spying.
A suicide bomber has killed at least 16 people in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
A man has been released after being held at knifepoint by a man who broke into his home in west Belfast.
More than 1,000 people have been convicted of dog fighting in England and Wales in the past year, according to the League Against Cruel Sports.
A court in Myanmar has charged 65 people in connection with clashes between protesters and police in the north of the country.
An Islamic high school in Birmingham has been criticised by Ofsted for failing to show "proper respect for women".
A " manipulative and depraved sexual predator" who raped and sexually abused a woman over a 10-year period has been jailed for 12 years.
Morecambe came from behind to beat League Two strugglers Cambridge United at the Kassam Stadium.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in County Londonderry on suspicion of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life.
Cardiff City striker Ched Jones has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
Head teachers and teachers in England and Wales should be given a pay rise, say six teaching unions.
Drilling for shale gas in Lancashire has been suspended after a small earthquake was felt in the county.
An exhibition celebrating the work of Caravaggio has opened at the Scottish National Gallery in Edinburgh.
Apple has updated its two-step verification system to prevent cyber-thieves gaining access to users' iCloud accounts.
The family of British journalist Marie Colvin, who was killed in Syria in 2012, has filed a lawsuit against the Syrian government.
A four-month-old boy was killed and his brother seriously injured in a dog attack, an inquest has heard.
The Scottish sport budget is set to be cut by £10m over the next three years, BBC Scotland has learned.
Pregnant women who eat a high fat diet are more likely to give birth to obese babies, according to a major European project.
Bronze weapons dating back 3,000 years have been found on the Isle of Coll in Argyll.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a teenage boy was attacked and stamped on on a train in Glasgow.
A teacher has been arrested in Spain on suspicion of possessing and sharing sexually explicit images of children.
Beyonce has topped Forbes' list of the world's highest-paid artists for 2014.
A World Cup winner's medal won by Brazil's Pele has sold at auction for more than £150,000.
Indonesia has recalled its ambassador to Australia after reports that Australian spy agencies spied on the country's president.
The UN's human rights chief has called on Syria's government to investigate a video that appears to show the killing of dozens of soldiers by rebels.
Organic farming can boost the biodiversity of farmland, according to a study in France.
The managers of some of the UK's biggest artists have signed an open letter calling for a crackdown on secondary ticketing websites.
The UK government is raising the rate of the bank levy from 0.075% to 0.088%.
US President-elect Donald Trump's election victory has triggered a global sell-off in bonds.
Tesco has reported a rise in sales for the second quarter in a row, as it continues to focus on its main supermarket business.
A driver has been fined for trying to listen to a Sam Smith song on his phone while driving in Dorset.
Dame Judi Dench has said she is struggling to cope with the loss of her sight, as she prepares to step down as James Bond M.
A double-decker bus had to be towed to safety after becoming stuck on a farm muck heap.
A total solar eclipse took place on 21 August 2014, with the moon passing between the Sun and the Earth.
Wales will face a "job of convincing the public" about the merits of a Universal Basic Income (UBI), a leading economist has said.
Glan Clwyd and Denbigh Infirmary have become the first north Wales hospitals to achieve four-star ratings for food hygiene.
With the general election now less than a year away, here's a look at the main political parties in Wales.
The future of the Trawsfynydd nuclear power station in Gwynedd is being discussed by the Welsh and UK governments.
Mark Natzler has been appointed as the new Clerk of the House of Commons, Speaker John Bercow has announced.
A group of MPs has called on the government to legalise medical cannabis after publishing the results of a seven-month inquiry into the drug.
Tunisians have voted in a run-off election for a new president, six years after the overthrow of Zine el-Abedine Ben Ali.
Partick Thistle have agreed a deal to sign Dundee United midfielder Scott Erskine at the end of the season.
Tax chiefs from the Big Four accountancy firms have rejected claims that they are helping companies to avoid paying tax.
The impact of the HPV vaccine on cervical cancer cases in Scotland has been "overwhelming", according to new research.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock says he was interested in becoming Aston Villa manager in the summer.
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a Ukrainian man who worked for a Nazi death squad during World War Two.
Too many small businesses in Scotland are still lacking basic digital skills, according to a new report.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by gains in the pharmaceutical and tech sectors.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for eight years for raping a 15-year old girl in a park.
World champion Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg have been given a new ultimatum to avoid collisions.
Russia has blocked a number of pornography websites, saying they "spread pornography".
The childhood home of explorer Gertrude Bell is among the top 10 Victorian buildings in England in need of help, a charity has said.
Voters in Iraq go to the polls on Sunday in elections seen as a test of the country's political stability.
Marine Maréchal-Le Pen, the niece of French far-right leader Marine Le Pen, is to step down, according to French newspaper Le Figaro.
Wales prop Tomas Francis says he was relieved to keep his place for Friday's Six Nations match against Ireland.
Eight people have been arrested after a number of cars were vandalised at a Tesco store in Flintshire.
The future of a coastal railway line could be at risk because of rising sea levels, according to a new report.
Southeastern is to compensate rail passengers affected by damage caused by the sea wall at Dover.
Florence and the Machine have been promoted to the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury and Pussy Riot have staged a protest in front of the Park Stage.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has accused a Labour AM of using "aggressive language" during a debate on Brexit.
It has been two years since I started writing a blog for the BBC, but I am leaving the corporation to become a freelance presenter.
Nottingham Forest have signed Lazio's Lasse Christensen on loan until the end of the season and Middlesbrough's Cauley Woodrow on a season-long loan.
Victoria Gwynne's world was turned upside down when she was told she was pregnant with her second child.
A "zombified" father has put his "green monster" buggy up for sale on eBay for £100,000.
A former senior trader at Rabobank has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to rig a key interest rate.
Hull FC have signed prop Joe Arundel from Super League rivals Castleford Tigers on a two-year deal.
Plans for a seven-day NHS in England are a "good aspiration", a leading health expert has said.
Helen Jenkins should be selected for the Rio Olympics after winning the World Triathlon Series event in Australia, says fellow Briton Non Stanford.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) is to lead an investigation into the sale of Nama's property loan portfolio in Northern Ireland.
Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen has joined the race to launch private rockets into space.
The Scottish government has been ordered to reconsider its decision to grant planning permission for four offshore wind farms.
A man has admitted raping and sexually abusing two girls in Fife.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a street.
South Sudan's civil war has become one of the biggest humanitarian crises in the world.
Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes insists his side can still finish second in the Scottish Premiership despite losing 3-0 at home to Rangers.
A soldier's pet ram has been promoted to the rank of corporal.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) has said it carried out a suicide attack on a Shia Muslim shrine in the Iraqi city of Balad.
Binge-watching has been named the word of the year by the Collins English Dictionary.
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari has been sacked by the country's Football Confederation (CBF) following their World Cup exit.
Hospitals in England are paying more than £380m a year for cancer drugs, research at the World oncology conference suggests.
The winner of the Ibrahim Prize for African Governance has not been announced, seven years after the prize was launched by Sudan's Omar al-Bashir.
A Met Office amber "be aware" warning for winds of up to 90mph has been issued for parts of Scotland from Friday.
Michelle Terry is to become the new artistic director of Shakespeare's Globe, the theatre has announced.
A mother who went missing with her two-year-old daughter has been found safe and well.
It's a rule of thumb that if you're good at something, you're likely to be good at it.
A Banksy mural that was removed from an auction after protests is to go up for sale again.
Gambling revenues in the Chinese territory of Macau fell by more than a third in the three months to September, compared with the same period last year.
India's prestigious Sahitya Akademi has said it will take "immediate action" to ensure the security of writers.
Hundreds of people have signed a petition to save a prestigious Oxford college.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the disappearance of Swansea man David Warburton.
Britain's Simon Yates dropped out of the race lead as Peter Sagan won stage five of the Giro d'Italia.
Liverpool midfielder James Milner has retired from international football.
Arsenal missed the chance to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals for the third successive season as they were held to a goalless draw by Hull City at the Emirates Stadium.
Huawei has begun legal action against Samsung, accusing the tech giant of using its inventions without permission.
The death of Saif al-Arab Gaddafi, the son of Col Muammar Gaddafi, is not a military victory for the rebels.
The body of a man has been found in a crashed car with a two-year-old girl in the back.
A senior UK government minister has said he does not expect an agreement on the fiscal framework for new tax powers to be reached before the end of the month.
The US Secretary of State, John Kerry, has expressed "serious concern" over the militarisation of the South China Sea.
Nicola Sturgeon has accused David Cameron of making Scottish MPs "second-class citizens" by postponing a vote on the Hunting Act.
Jeremy Corbyn has urged Theresa May to split the inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire into two parts.
Ospreys have signed South Africa tight head prop Brian Mujati from Sale Sharks on a two-year deal.
Rescuers are searching a mountain in Vietnam for a British backpacker who has been missing for more than 24 hours.
The funeral of Leeds Rhinos president Harry Jepson has taken place.
Edinburgh Zoo's giant panda Tian Tian could give birth at the end of the month.
A campaign has been launched to find the UK's national bird.
Austrian police have arrested a man suspected of dressing up as Adolf Hitler in the town where the Nazi leader was born.
A man who was stabbed to death in Sheffield has been named by police.
Two London Underground lines have been temporarily closed due to the fire at Grenfell Tower.
James Anderson says Joe Root is "the obvious candidate" to be England's next Test captain.
When the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced plans to change the rules on how internet traffic is treated, the internet was abuzz.
Burnley moved to the top of the Championship with victory over Lancashire rivals Blackburn.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has announced that it will invest £500m in its Solihull plant and create 1,000 new jobs.
Corey Whitely's second-half strike earned Dagenham and Redbridge a 1-0 win at Eastleigh in the National League.
Jon Stead scored a late winner as Notts County came from behind to beat Hartlepool in League Two.
A 20-year-old man has been stabbed to death in a bar in south-west London.
A shortlist of the UK's oldest and most significant trees has been announced for this year's World Tree of the Year competition.
A man has died and two girls have been taken to hospital after being rescued from the sea in Gwynedd.
Up to 100 jobs are to be lost at a fish and chip factory in Londonderry.
Swimmers have been warned to be on the lookout for jellyfish after a rise in the number of sightings.
A woman was "brutally murdered" by her ex-boyfriend and his girlfriend, a court has heard.
The Duke of Cambridge has given birth to his first child, a son named William Frederick.
Ospreys flanker Joe Thornton says he is delighted to have been called up to the Wales squad for Friday's Six Nations match against Samoa.
A plan to build 31,400 homes and create thousands of jobs will be challenged in court after a planning inspector said it was "unsound".
The UK Border Agency (UKBA) must do more to deal with 150,000 people who have been refused permission to stay in the UK, the chief immigration inspector has said.
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has been named in a list of the world's most powerful women.
A man has been found guilty of stealing sheep from a Powys farm after DNA evidence linked him to the animals.
An exhibition celebrating the work of William Blake has opened at a museum in Oxford where his printing studio was once located.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is the world's most dangerous politician, according to the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU).
The London Stock Exchange (LSE) and Deutsche Boerse have agreed a deal to create the world's biggest stock exchange group.
If you were asked to strip naked in a steam bathhouse and apply oak leaves to your back, you would probably be horrified.
Sky has launched its first mobile service, which it says will "shake up the mobile market".
The chief executive of Australian airline Qantas, Alan Joyce, has said he will campaign for the country to legalise same-sex marriage.
Hull City goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic produced a string of fine saves to deny Manchester United victory at Old Trafford.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a train.
Lewis Hamilton equalled Michael Schumacher's record of 68 pole positions at the Belgian Grand Prix.
Julie and her daughter, Shannon, are sitting in the living room of their home in Salford, where their son Kayden died last April.
A Labour councillor at the centre of a row about plans to remove English-stream education from a Carmarthenshire school is being investigated by the party.
Rangers missed the chance to go second in the Premiership as they were held to a draw by St Johnstone.
There's a saying in politics: "If you lose, you lose."
A 21-year-old man who was shot dead by police in Bedfordshire died from a gunshot wound to the chest, a post-mortem has found.
Chelsea captain John Terry says he has not decided where he will play next season.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick as Sale came from behind to beat Premiership leaders Wasps.
Lewis Hamilton has become only the third driver in Formula 1 history to win 50 races.
Sri Lanka's army has suspended its search for survivors of a landslide that killed more than 100 people.
Justin Gatlin has broken his own 200m world record for the second time this year.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered the scrapping of customised "rest chambers" fitted on business class flights.
Amnesty International has called on the Indian government to repeal a controversial law that gives security forces sweeping powers in Indian-administered Kashmir.
The judge in the trial of a man found guilty of murdering his former lover has been granted permission to tweet from the High Court in Edinburgh.
The family of a Muslim family stopped from travelling to the US have demanded an apology from TV presenter Katie Hopkins after she claimed they were extremists.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has said Lego's refusal to sell him bricks is an act of censorship and discrimination.
Lin-Manuel Miranda has made her West End debut as orphanage owner Miss Hannigan in the hit musical Annie.
Homeless people in Northampton are refusing to leave the streets, according to a council report.
President: Mikheil Saakashvili.
Scotland is facing a growing crisis of low pay and poor conditions, a charity has warned.
West Ham's return to Upton Park ended in defeat as they were beaten 2-1 by Juventus in their first game at their new home.
At least 20 students have been killed in a fire at a boarding school in northern Nigeria, officials say.
British rowers have been named in the Great Britain squad for this month's World Rowing Cup in Florida.
Wales internationals Dan Lydiate, Sam Warburton, Samson Lee and Hallam Amos have all signed new national dual contracts.
Aston Villa have signed former England midfielder Carlton Cole on a two-year deal.
In his first speech as prime minister, Theresa May set out her vision for the UK's future relationship with the European Union.
Bees in Cardiff are being asked to send in their "known noises" in a bid to learn more about the behaviour of the insects.
Lincoln City reached the FA Cup third round for the first time since 2009 with a 3-2 win over League One side Oldham.
The cost to the taxpayer of the fiasco over the West Coast Main Line franchise could be higher than previously estimated, MPs have said.
In the history of the Nobel Prize, there have been very few female scientists.
Former world champion Stephen Hendry was beaten 4-1 by England's Peter Lines in the first round of the World Indoor Bowls Championship.
The debate over the future of the BBC's licence fee has been dominated by the Scottish independence referendum, but it's not the only one.
Taxpayers should be asked to contribute towards the NHS and social care in their local area, Liberal Democrat leadership contender Norman Lamb has said.
Clyde manager David Ferguson says his side must beat Annan Athletic on Saturday if they are to have any chance of reaching the Scottish League Two play-offs.
Greece is heading to the polls on Sunday in a general election widely seen as a test of public faith in the political system.
Archaeologists have unearthed parts of a Spitfire that crashed in County Monaghan 75 years ago.
Parents have accused a council of "punishing" them for living in a rural area by cutting free school transport.
A memorial service has been held in Glasgow for the victims of the earthquake in Italy.
Australia's prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, has become the latest victim of the country's political beast.
Lewis Hamilton headed team-mate Nico Rosberg and Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel in final practice at the Italian Grand Prix.
A teenager has been charged in connection with an alleged ticket fraud at the T in the Park festival.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for the 20th anniversary of the handover of the territory to China.
An Indian rapper has taken to the streets to protest against the appointment of a woman as chief minister of the southern state of Tamil Nadu.
Eleven people have been arrested in connection with a landslide at a landfill in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen last month.
The Scottish government has been warned it could face legal action over its failure to tackle air pollution.
A white police officer in the US state of Ohio has been acquitted of killing two black women in a high-speed chase.
Russia says it is "deeply saddened" by the deaths of more than 100 people in two bomb attacks in Syria.
Cornish Pirates chairman Paul Durkin says scrapping the play-offs could lead to the Championship becoming a 'non-entity'.
Welsh councils have seen a drop of more than £400,000 in revenue from recycling services over the past year.
The World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, is the biggest event of its kind in the world.
A knife has been found in a school playground in Dumfries and Galloway.
The World Snooker Championship gets under way in York on Thursday.
Red Bull's performance in the Australian Grand Prix has left them well off the pace of Mercedes and Ferrari.
Voters in Scotland will go to the polls on 8 September to decide whether they want to remain part of the UK or become an independent country.
Businesses in Perth have launched a campaign to "reawaken the sense of community" in the city centre.
Hampshire's Liam Dawson says he is relishing the prospect of playing for England again.
The funeral of PSNI officer Ronan Kerr is taking place in Omagh, County Tyrone.
Frank Mulholland is to step down as Scotland's top law officer.
Firefighters are dealing with a fire on board a ferry which overturned in the Firth of Forth.
A woman who was stabbed to death in Rotherham has been named by police.
Scottish Labour MP Stella Black has been named as the fourth most influential person in the world by music magazine NME.
A terminally ill man has gone to the High Court to challenge the law on assisted dying in England and Wales.
Bayern Munich suffered a shock 3-1 defeat by Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final.
Tottenham Hotspur have agreed to pay £1.5m to the family of a 17-year-old boy who died after suffering a heart attack while playing for the club.
British actress Keira Knightley is to make her Broadway debut next year in a new play by Helen Edmundson.
New Argentina coach Edgardo Bauza says he wants to speak to Lionel Messi about his decision to quit international football.
A six-year-old Canadian boy has made headlines after leaving a note in the pages of a comic book he had damaged.
Two-time BDO world champion Chris Waites says it was "painful" to come back from a shoulder injury to win his second title.
Newport Gwent Dragons half-back Matty Aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
A man has died after being shot by police in Hull, the Independent Police Complaints Commission has said.
Women's Super League One side Birmingham City Ladies have signed German international Stephanie Linden from Eintracht Frankfurt.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been threatened with contempt of parliament if he does not attend a Commons select committee meeting.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has hit back at criticism of his team's behaviour during the World Cup, insisting there has been no alcohol ban.
Dundee ended a run of three straight Premiership defeats by thrashing Motherwell at Fir Park.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side need to improve their mentality after they were knocked out of the Champions League.
At least six people have been killed in a rollercoaster crash at Dreamworld on Australia's Gold Coast.
A man has admitted being concerned in the supply of heroin with a street value of more than £300,000.
Swansea City are interested in appointing former Athletic Bilbao boss Marcelo Bielsa as their new manager.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a rival gang member in a "power struggle" in north London.
It's been a year since the last time the US central bank raised interest rates.
Two men who groomed a teenage girl into prostitution have been jailed.
Chelsea forward Eden Hazard will miss the start of the season after undergoing ankle surgery.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in Cambridgeshire.
The mother of a boy who died after being hit by a car has said his organs will be used to help others.
Worcester Warriors prop Tom Youngs has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a neck injury.
A public inquiry into plans for a £50m motor racing circuit in Blaenau Gwent has begun.
Garry Thompson scored a late winner as Morecambe came from behind to beat Cheltenham at the Globe Arena.
More than a third of people cared for by crisis teams in their homes took their own lives last year, a report suggests.
Ulster won the Ulster Under-21 Football Championship for the first time with a 3-13 to 1-11 victory over Connacht at Carrick-on-Shannon.
MSPs have called on the Scottish Parliament to improve the quality of the coffee they are served.
Hospitals in Wales may have to cut back on non-urgent operations to cope with pressures over the festive period, the chief medical officer for Wales has said.
Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa, has a reputation for being one of the world's most inhospitable places to live.
Two fishermen have been rescued from Lough Swilly in County Tyrone.
Two-time Tour de France winner Alberto Contador says he will be challenged by Chris Froome and Nairo Quintana in this month's Criterium du Dauphine.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have arrested four people for trying to sell a rare snake that looks like it has two heads.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has left the presidential palace in Brasilia after being impeached by the Senate.
Derry City moved to within six points of second-placed Cork City in the Premier Division with victory over Wexford United.
A mountain rescue team has said the drive to attract tourists to Snowdonia contributed to an increase in callouts.
Paris St-Germain's £198m deal to sign Neymar from Barcelona has been widely criticised.
The January transfer window closed at 23:00 GMT on Tuesday, with Celtic, Hearts and Dundee United the only Scottish Premiership clubs to make significant signings.
The Pirate Bay file-sharing site has been hit by a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack.
A British inventor has won a £45,000 prize for developing an affordable prosthetic hand for amputees.
France's centre-right presidential candidate, Francois Fillon, has won back the support of his core supporters with a rally in Paris on Sunday.
Shropshire's only A&E unit could close and urgent care centres could be moved to Shrewsbury and Telford.
Scott Brown has been a "big part" of Scotland's success over the last 10 years, says coach Gordon Strachan.
The formal signing of the £18bn deal to build a new nuclear power plant at Hinkley Point has taken place.
The number of calls to a helpline set up by the Army to help soldiers and airmen with mental health issues has risen by more than a third in a year, the charity says.
A Met Police detective has been jailed for five years for possessing and distributing child sex abuse images.
Hilary Benn's intervention in the debate over the Syria conflict may have made the headlines on Wednesday, but will it change anything?
Mark Selby will face Ding Junhui in the World Championship semi-finals after beating Marco Fu 6-4.
Scotland's women are on the verge of qualifying for their first major tournament, but captain Becky Evans says it would be "heartbreak" if they miss out on Euro 2016.
The family of a teacher stabbed to death at her school have called for an independent inquiry into the attack.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says the club's British players need to "take charge" if he leaves at the end of the season.
The Nepalese government has announced plans to limit the number of climbers on Mount Everest, saying it wants to make the mountain safer.
The family of a man killed in a crash on the M1 have called for a change in the law to allow retired drivers to keep their licences.
A former Stanford University student who was sentenced to six months in prison for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman has been released.
Plans to protect a coastal railway line damaged by Storm Desmond have been unveiled by Network Rail.
The Guggenheim Museum in New York has unveiled a gold-plated toilet.
The life and work of a US artist is to be celebrated at the Sound of Sleat College in Skye.
The BT Openzone scheme to provide superfast broadband in rural areas has been criticised by some residents.
Education Minister Huw Lewis has defended scrapping a target for Wales to score in the top 20 of international schools by 2021.
Three TalkTalk employees have been arrested in India on suspicion of breaching the company's data protection policies.
Two police officers have been shot dead in the US state of Iowa by a man suspected of waving a Confederate flag.
More student teacher places are to be made available at Aberdeen and Highlands and Islands universities, the Scottish government has announced.
Scotland's Paul Lawrie says Rory McIlroy's recent form bodes well for Europe's Ryder Cup team at Hazeltine in October.
Jeremy Corbyn has won the backing of the UK's second largest trade union, Unison, in the Labour Party leadership contest.
England's Luke Donald is one shot off the lead after two rounds of the Wells Fargo Championship in North Carolina.
Ireland lock Jamie Heaslip has been named in the starting XV for Saturday's Six Nations match against Wales in Cardiff.
Manchester City Council's chief executive has been suspended over an alleged "failure to act" in a safeguarding case.
Netflix has become the first video-streaming service to roll out in all of the world's major emerging economies.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes has left the club by mutual consent.
Greece is in a state of deja vu.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams will not face any charges over the murder of Jean McConville, the Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has said.
Golfers live longer than non-golfers, according to a new study.
Former Australia international James Mason has been released by Catalans Dragons after suffering a series of injuries.
(Close): Shares in Burberry helped to lift the FTSE 100 higher, but mining shares fell.
Muslim Match, a dating website for Muslims, has been hit by a security breach that has revealed details of more than 100,000 members.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuela's vice-president, accusing him of being involved in drug trafficking.
A man has been injured after he was attacked by a man armed with a knife in Belfast city centre.
A novel set in the US during the Cold War has been published 30 years after it was first published.
Tanzania's President John Kikwete has sacked a minister for failing to declare a $1m (Â£700,000) donation to a school.
Theresa May has survived the first bout of what will be a fight to stay in control.
US investment bank JP Morgan Chase is close to agreeing to pay a $13bn (Â£9.5bn) fine for its role in the mortgage-backed securities scandal, according to reports.
Welsh cyclist Becky James has suffered "a few setbacks" in her recovery from a knee injury, says her coach Mark Sutton.
South Korean team SKT has won the League of Legends (LoL) World Championship in Los Angeles.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell scored the only goal of the game as Sheffield United beat 10-man Bury at Bramall Lane.
At the time of the attack on the London Bridge, the victim was being treated for post-traumatic stress disorder.
All pictures are subject to copyright and are copyrighted.
A third suspect has been charged with involvement in the Paris attacks, French prosecutors say.
Great Britain's James Guy and Rebecca Tutton won bronze medals on day two of the Olympic swimming in Rio.
The Scottish government is prepared to consider offering loans to young crofters to help them get on the housing ladder, Communities Secretary Lesley McLeod has said.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he has not made his mind up to leave the club.
The pound fell more than 1% against the dollar after the UK's inflation rate fell to its lowest level in more than two years.
A collision between Earth and another planet in the Solar System could help explain how the carbon in our planet came to be.
Markets in Asia were mixed on Friday, with investors cautious ahead of US jobs figures later in the day.
The FBI has agreed to help police in the US in a case similar to the San Bernardino attack.
Ayr United have revealed the design for their new badge after a public vote.
A lorry driver has been taken to hospital after crashing into a church in Cardiff.
A British teenager has been killed in an attack in Iraq, according to reports.
Belfast Giants have extended the contracts of seven players ahead of the 2017-18 Elite League season.
A seven-year-old boy who died after being found unresponsive in his bed had told a classmate he was "going to skive for a very long time", an inquest heard.
A Belfast man accused of encouraging support for the IRA has been allowed to travel to the Republic of Ireland on bail.
A £2.5m research centre aimed at cutting the cost of treating wounds in Wales has been set up by Cardiff University.
In the aftermath of the chemical weapons attack on a rebel-held town in Syria last week, President Donald Trump lashed out at his predecessor, Barack Obama.
Phil Foderingham has spoken of the "disappointing" incident involving Rangers team-mate Scott Sinclair at Ibrox.
A doctor was called to Prince's home the day before he was found dead at his Paisley Park home, his lawyer has said.
Twelve historic streets in Edinburgh's Old Town are to be restored as part of a £1.5m project.
Belgium has begun enforcing a law banning the wearing of full face veils in public places.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit and killed by a car in West Yorkshire.
Former Ireland and British & Irish Lions captain Paul O'Connell has joined Munster as an academy coach.
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has joined the Liberal Democrats.
The number of hectares planted with coca - the raw ingredient for cocaine - in Colombia has more than doubled in the past year, according to a UN report.
It would be easy to dismiss Oliver Burke as the latest in a long line of Scotland wingers who have failed to break into the national team.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Tom Chudley will miss Saturday's Pro12 game against Northampton Saints.
Olympic gold medallist Souleymane Cisse says he can't walk in the street without being recognised because he has become a national symbol.
Hundreds of Southern rail services have been suspended or reduced for a second day because of a strike by guards.
At least eight people have been killed in an explosion at a shoe factory in Portugal, officials say.
"I have been smoking cannabis since I was a teenager," says Cristian, who has been growing the drug at his home in the Uruguayan capital, Montevideo.
A hat that Princess Anne wore to the royal wedding has been sold at auction for £10,000.
Up to 27 North Sea oil fields have been shut down after an oil leak at a platform in Shetland.
Two British tourists have appeared in court in Abu Dhabi accused of spying on planes.
Hearts have sold Martin Johnsen to Dutch side ADO Den Haag for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Two young people have become the first members of a new Benedictine order in Monmouthshire.
Louis van Gaal's first season as Manchester United manager is almost over and he will have learned a lot about English football over the last few months.
The government's latest defence review has been described as "strategic" - but what does this mean for Britain's armed forces?
Wales' men missed out on promotion to the EuroHockey A Division for the first time in 10 years as they lost to Scotland in the final.
A 70-year-old man who died after being hit by a car in Monmouthshire has been named by police.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter has praised the progress made by fly-half Ben Woodburn since his summer move from Bath.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face former club Barcelona in the Champions League group stage.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has thanked the nation for its support in his surprise decision to scrap high-denomination bank notes.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters.
England's Graeme McDowell leads the Race to Dubai Tour Championship by one shot after a six-under-par 65 at the Dubai Desert Classic.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has given her backing to Owen Smith in the party's leadership contest.
A Kent council has suspended its own litter wardens in the wake of a BBC Panorama investigation.
The pound hit a one-month high against the dollar after a closely-watched survey indicated a sharp rise in UK services activity.
More than 100 people have been arrested following two nights of rioting in London.
The number of cancer cases in Wales has increased by more than 10% in the past decade.
England's first match at Euro 2016 on Saturday will be against Russia, but the difference this time around is that we will not have to play them in the last 16.
The public will not be allowed to know details of undercover police operations unless it is necessary to protect individuals from harm, says a preliminary ruling by the inquiry into undercover policing.
Keighley Cougars have complained to the Rugby Football League (RFL) after a player was bitten on the face during their Challenge Cup win over Fryston.
Shirley Temple, best known for her role as "America's little darling", has died at the age of 89.
League One side MK Dons have signed Millwall midfielder Yann Kermorgant for an undisclosed fee on a two-year deal.
A Porto-based football player has been banned for four years for attacking a referee during a match.
Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber is returning to the Albert Hall for the 50th anniversary of the British Proms.
Police investigating the murder of a woman and the discovery of a man's body in a wheelie bin have named her as Samantha Winning.
A police force has been criticised for failing to properly record child sexual exploitation cases.
Southend United boss Phil Brown says he will appeal against the red card shown to one of his players in Saturday's 1-0 defeat by Gillingham.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has visited a primary school in the Scottish Borders as part of a drive to close the attainment gap.
At least 102 people have been killed in a stampede in the southern Indian state of Kerala, police say.
Cameroon midfielder Michael Assou-Ekotto has signed for French Ligue 1 side St Etienne.
Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet, ousting defence minister Abdel Rahim Hussein.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has said he will pay back the money spent on upgrading his private home.
The body of a man whose body was found at the site of the Swansea Bay Power Station collapse has been removed from the site.
A Gwynedd chemistry teacher who sent "creepy" messages to two teenage girls has been sacked.
Lassie the golden eagle has laid an egg at the Scottish Wildlife Trust's Loch of the Lowes nature reserve.
A house in Cookstown, County Tyrone, has been destroyed in a suspected arson attack.
A care home run by Cornwall Care has been rated as "inadequate" by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
US President Donald Trump campaigned on a series of promises.
Police investigating the murder of a man in Dorset are searching a river in a bid to recover a firearm used in the attack.
A man has been stabbed to death outside a north London pub.
Championship side Welsh Rugby have been taken over by a US-based investment group.
A former care worker has been charged with a string of sex offences against children at a school in Sussex.
Head teachers are to take part in seminars aimed at helping schools and colleges prevent young people being drawn into extremism.
Theresa May has said North Korea's missile test was "outrageous" and "provocative".
Scottish actress Karen Gillan has been cast as a space pirate in Marvel's latest film, Guardians of the Galaxy.
Manchester United are ready to spend in the summer transfer window after securing Champions League football for next season.
A medieval bridge that was buried for more than 100 years has reopened to the public.
The UK has recorded its hottest temperature of the year, with 36.7C (98F) recorded at Heathrow Airport.
What drove the German pilot, Andreas Lubitz, to crash his plane into the French Alps, killing all 92 people on board?
John Andrew scored a late try as Ulster came from behind to beat Newport Gwent Dragons at Rodney Parade.
Scientists believe they have found a clue to the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said Wales "gets a rotten deal" from the European Union.
Glamorgan pair Aneurin Donald and Dai Lloyd both made maiden first-class centuries as the Welsh county beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in Cardiff.
Police investigating the death of a man in Manchester city centre have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Well, the Kanneh-Mason family may not be your average family, but they do have one thing in common - they all play music.
Tove Anna LinnÃ©a Ã–stman Styrke has lost five months to making her latest album.
A school in Oxfordshire has been placed in special measures after inspectors found it was failing pupils.
The UK's three intelligence agencies are using social media to try to recruit more women, the government has said.
A lump of coal has been presented to the last remaining deep coal mine in South Yorkshire ahead of its closure on Monday.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Motherwell midfielder Alex Jules on loan until the end of the season from Reading.
The planned takeover of O2 by CK Hutchison has been blocked by the European Commission.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Yousra Elbagir looks at Sudan's poetry scene.
Oldham boosted their League One survival hopes with victory over Peterborough at Boundary Park.
Former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been accused of involvement in a huge corruption scandal at the state oil company Petrobras.
What are solar flares and geomagnetic storms?
Leicester Tigers have signed England second-row Geoff Parling and Bath back Olly Woodburn on two-year deals.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with mining and construction shares among the biggest fallers.
A charity auction for a lunch date with Apple chief executive Tim Cook has raised more than $1.5m (Â£1.2m) on eBay.
Guinea winger Bertrand Traore has been left out of the squad for the World Cup qualifier against Egypt.
Cape Verde missed out on qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals as they were held to a goalless draw by Zambia.
A Pembrokeshire village is looking for volunteers to help run the site.
Trainers at benefit offices could be trained to stop people taking their own lives, the government has said.
Susie Wolff has been given a bigger role at Williams next year.
National League side Boreham Wood have re-signed Bristol Rovers striker Jordan Lucas on loan until the end of the season.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have visited a memorial garden in memory of their mother, Diana, Princess of Wales.
At least 13 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a van attack on Las Ramblas in the Spanish city of Barcelona.
Work on a roundabout on the A55 in Chester has been delayed for a second time.
Phil Taylor will face Raymond van Barneveld in the quarter-finals of the PDC World Darts Championship after beating Kim Huybrechts.
People in the UK are being asked to take part in a project to sequence the DNA of 100,000 people.
Gillingham have re-signed Chris Crofts on loan from Brighton until the end of the season.
Ben Stokes and James Taylor hit centuries as England recovered from 56-3 to finish day one of their tour match against South Africa on a high.
The body of an RAF helicopter has been recovered from the summit of a Snowdonia peak after it crashed during a training exercise.
MSPs have been "over the top" about the impact of the Scottish government's budget on local authorities, Finance Secretary John Swinney has told MSPs.
Thousands of sheep have been sold at auction in the Highlands.
Thousands of people gathered outside the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida on Monday to watch the US space shuttle Endeavour lift off.
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a London-based Pakistani politician.
A heritage group has called for an investigation into a dispute over access to a World War Two memorial in France.
Boris Johnson's surprise announcement that he will vote for Britain to leave the European Union has been widely reported in European media.
Ulster moved level on points with Pro12 leaders Ospreys with a bonus-point win over Treviso in Italy.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
A woman has said she is "furious" after a company invited her for an interview only to describe her as a "home educated oddball".
A Christmas Carol, starring Jim Broadbent as Ebenezer Scrooge in the Noel Coward Theatre in London, has been praised by critics.
Women are increasingly turning to smartphone apps to track their menstrual cycle.
The sisters of Oscar Pistorius have said they feel "heartache" for the athlete's family ahead of his sentencing.
Salford Red Devils have released full-back Chris Chase, half-back Tom Paterson and captain Chris Hansen and are close to agreeing a deal to sign France international Matty Fages.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says the Europa League is his side's best chance of qualifying for next season's Champions League.
Dame Judi Dench has donated Â£10,000 to the Surrey Wildlife Trust.
The Queen's portrait has been unveiled on the new £1 coin.
Labour has accused the coalition of cutting funding for out-of-hours GP services in England by 590.
American Patrick Reed will play for the United States at next month's Ryder Cup at Gleneagles after winning the WGC-Dell Match Play.
A police watchdog has backed the use of force by officers during the arrest of five men who tried to ram a police car outside a McDonald's in Carnoustie.
The number of motorcyclists killed in London has more than doubled in the past five years, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
Manchester United midfielder Jordan McNair has been named in the draw for this year's Milk Cup.
Patients were left waiting for up to an hour in an A&E unit while ambulances waited outside, inspectors have found.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Turkish side Kasimpasa on a season-long loan from Premier League champions Chelsea.
A 26-year-old man accused of killing five people at an airport in Florida has appeared in court for the first time.
A man accused of plotting to rape a baby has told the Old Bailey he did not think it would happen.
The Ross Sea has been designated as a Marine Protected Area (MPA) after years of negotiations.
A record number of people have turned on the street lights in Leicester for the Hindu festival of Diwali.
US erotic novelist Jackie Collins has died at the age of 83, her family has said in a statement.
A Japanese woman dubbed the country's first "black widow" has told a court she killed her fourth husband with cyanide.
A fish that escaped from a shopping centre and ended up in a car wash has been found.
West Indies head coach Phil Simmons has apologised for comments he made about the West Indies selection process.
A man who spent more than two years on the run after being recalled to prison has been arrested.
Strictly Come Dancing pair Steve Backshall and Ola O'Donoghue have spoken out about claims that they were bullied on the show.
A new comedy-drama about depression is to be shot in south Wales.
Bristol City manager Lee Sturrock says he is "scary" with the number of injuries he is facing.
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk has said the rocket that exploded at Florida's Cape Canaveral Air Force Station last week was a "complete failure".
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Dorset.
Two men who were racially abused by Metropolitan Police officers have been awarded more than £20,000 in damages.
Zimbabwe's first lady Grace Mugabe has been granted diplomatic immunity by the South African government.
A Russian court has sentenced three teenagers to jail for performing an "erotic and sexual twerk dance" at the site of the Battle of Stalingrad.
League One side Ipswich Town have signed Portsmouth midfielder Charlie Webster for an undisclosed fee and Middlesbrough defender Callum Clarke for a fee believed to be about £1m.
Premier League clubs are entering a "new era of sustained profitability", according to business consultancy Deloitte.
Jags manager Alan Archibald has defended the standard of coaching in Scotland, saying a number of top managers have come to Scotland to do their badges.
Commonwealth Games silver medallist Maxine Peake is aiming to set a new Welsh record when she competes in the 4.50m event in Cardiff on Saturday.
In the aftermath of the Peshawar school massacre, questions are being asked about who carried out the attack and why.
Old Mutual has announced plans to split off its emerging markets and wealth management businesses into four separate companies.
Preston North End have agreed a pre-contract deal with former Morecambe midfielder Alex Barkhuizen.
Ten Chinese cities have been placed on a "red alert" for air pollution, the environmental ministry has said.
A "morality police" is a police force set up by the authorities in a country to enforce strict Islamic rules, such as the wearing of the headscarf in public.
Wakefield secured their place in next season's Challenge Cup final with a comfortable victory over Huddersfield Giants at the John Smith's Stadium.
A car has ended up on top of another vehicle in a marked parking bay at a car park in Dumfries.
Ralph Fiennes and Andy Serkis were among the big winners at this year's Empire Awards.
As an engineer who has worked on some of the biggest oil fields in the world, Alex Barak knows all about the challenge of extracting oil from the ground.
An Asda supermarket in Manchester is experimenting with a "quiet hour" for customers with autism.
When the Syrian war broke out in 2011, David Barrett was working as a child protection officer in Beirut.
An artificial intelligence system has become the first to master complex video games, according to Google.
Chinese billionaire Dr Tony Xia has completed his takeover of Championship club Aston Villa.
Brazil's intelligence agency was not told of a possible jihadist attack on the Rio Olympics, a French general has said.
Hibernian have signed Swanson from St Johnstone for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
The EU is facing a major migration crisis, with hundreds of thousands of migrants making their way across the continent.
Japanese carmaker Mazda has said it has developed a petrol engine that ignites spontaneously.
A man has been found guilty of trying to punch Crystal Palace mascot Kayla the Eagle.
Guatemalan ex-military leader Efrain Rios Montt has been declared mentally incompetent by a court.
Pokemon Go fans have been warned to stay away from a hospital's accident and emergency department.
Newcastle Falcons have signed former Leicester Tigers and Toulouse scrum-half Toby Flood.
Nadia is one of the UK's fastest-rising female MCs, having just signed a record deal with Sony Music.
Millwall fought back from 2-0 down to beat 10-man Bury, who had a man sent off late on.
Three Chinese astronauts have returned to Earth after successfully docking with the country's first space station.
The chairman of a group which restored Cardigan Castle has resigned to protect his family from "virtual persecution".
A German police officer has been killed in a shootout with a far-right gunman, officials say.
England head coach Eddie Jones has defended the targeting of Ireland fly-half Johnny Sexton in Saturday's Six Nations match.
Johnston Press has reported a rise in annual pre-tax profits as it continues to cut costs.
Prime Minister David Cameron's flagship free school in Birmingham has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted inspectors.
A campaign to fund legal action against former Prime Minister Tony Blair and others over the Iraq War has reached its £100,000 target.
China's Ma Qingjian beat defending champion Zhang Junhui 4-1 to win the men's singles title at the Rio Olympics.
An Australian woman who suffered severe burns in a bushfire has completed her first Ironman triathlon.
Back in the 1970s, Philips was the world's biggest home entertainment company.
The final piece of hardware for the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) has arrived in the US.
Western Sahara has welcomed Morocco's readmission to the African Union (AU), saying it will help resolve the long-running dispute over the territory.
Actor Johnny Depp and his wife, actress Amber Heard, have filed for divorce in the US.
Nigeria's failure to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations is the latest sign that the country are no longer one of Africa's football powerhouses.
Police have said there were "no policing issues" during the annual Guid Nychburris celebrations in Dumfries.
Nicola Sturgeon has said the results of an SNP survey on independence will be published "once it has concluded".
The mother of a five-year-old girl with leukaemia has paid tribute to the donors who saved her daughter's life.
Comedian Caroline Mackichan has called for a "sea change" in the way violence against women is portrayed on TV.
A shopping centre in east London that was at the centre of a multi-million pound loan default has been sold.
A controversial law that would have made it a crime to criticise the government online in Angola has been withdrawn.
Hungary is the largest country in Central Europe and one of the fastest-growing economies in Europe.
A woman's hair was set alight in a suspected arson attack at a McDonald's.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has said he will not sign into law a controversial bill banning gay sex.
Award-winning film-maker Ava DuVernay has praised the makers of Gods of Egypt for apologising for their casting.
Wales have reached the quarter-finals of Euro 2016 for the first time in their history.
A second teenager has been charged in connection with an attack on a pregnant woman in east London.
Oscar-winning actress Emma Watson has joined the cast of Disney's live-action remake of Beauty and the Beast.
Warrenpoint Town will look to extend their unbeaten run in the Irish Premiership when they host Dungannon Swifts on Monday night.
Broadband penetration in Wales is not at the level it should be, a leading technology figure has said.
The parents of a woman who was found stabbed to death in a flat in Naples in 2012 have said they want answers from the Italian government.
UK industrial output fell for the second month in a row in February, official figures have shown.
Young people in Northern Ireland say they are frustrated by what they see as the lack of progress at Stormont.
Swansea City midfielder Reece Grimes has signed a new one-year contract with the Premier League club.
A man has been charged with using a drone to drop drugs and mobile phones into a prison.
Gusts of up to 70mph could hit parts of Wales on Tuesday, the Met Office has warned.
Indian author Pankaj Ghosh has been giving social media users a tour of the official residence of Indian President Pranab Mukherjee.
The risk of a repeat of last year's flooding that caused the collapse of a bridge remains high, a report has said.
Ipswich Town have signed Bristol Rovers striker Ryan Moore and ex-MK Dons defender Lee Spence for undisclosed fees.
Worcestershire made a solid start to their reply to Glamorgan's first innings total on day one of the County Championship match at Chelmsford.
The Netherlands' poor start to their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign continued as they lost 2-0 to Iceland.
The remains of Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright, two of the so-called Disappeared, have been formally identified.
Olympic gold medallist Jo Adlington has opened a new £2.5m swimming and diving centre in Wirral.
Stoke-on-Trent City Council has announced plans to build up to 200 homes on the site of the city's former football ground.
US department store chains Macy's, Kohl's and Nordstrom have all reported a fall in sales as consumers increasingly shop online.
The UK's National Air Tattoo (Nats) says it has successfully tracked aircraft using TV signals.
The police watchdog, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC), is investigating more than 100 cases of alleged child sexual abuse by officers.
Charlton Athletic have re-signed striker Yann Kermorgant on loan from Ajax until the end of the season.
Scientists say they have identified a gene defect which may be responsible for male infertility.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness and his wife Bernie have been taken to hospital.
A church in North Yorkshire has spent thousands of pounds trying to get a colony of bats to move out.
The French government has ordered the dissolution of a far-right youth group over the killing of a young left-wing activist in Paris.
Tony Bellew has ruled out a world heavyweight title fight with Anthony Joshua, saying he is "far too good" for the Briton.
Maesteg Harlequins rugby player Ryan Watkins has been banned by UK Anti-Doping for doping.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the second round of Wimbledon with a hard-fought win over qualifier Gabriella Falconi.
The number of UK households renting property is set to more than treble in the next decade, according to surveyors.
West Ham eased into the third round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable win at Cheltenham.
Greenock Morton defender Kevin Duffy says a win over Rangers in Sunday's Scottish Cup fifth-round tie would be a "monumental upset".
Two men have been charged with rape and sexual assault.
Plans for an energy storage scheme at an abandoned quarry in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead by planners.
The National League game between Macclesfield and Dover has been postponed because of standing water on the pitch.
Wales won the European Championship for the first time in their history with a 2-0 victory over England in Cardiff in 1986.
Stephen Hawking has joined a judging panel for a science experiment competition run by the internet search giant, Nasa.
Police are investigating a serious arson attack on a car in West Lothian.
A disabled man has called for all 22 Welsh councils to be legally obliged to provide public toilets.
British Airways cabin crew have voted to go on strike in a dispute over pay, the Unite union has said.
A suicide bomber who killed dozens of people in the Turkish capital Ankara last week was the son of a Kurdish militant, officials say.
Plans to build a hydro power station near Conwy Falls in Snowdonia have been refused by Natural Resources Wales.
An 83-year-old man has denied causing the death of a teenage netball player who was dragged under his car while filling up with petrol.
Labour's smoking ban has "destroyed more communities" than the closure of pits, a former UKIP MP has claimed.
A statue of Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in the Derbyshire village of Timperley.
The government has been accused of "misleading" fire service staff ahead of a 24-hour strike in England over pensions.
At least six people have been killed in clashes between rival forces in the Libyan city of Benghazi, medics say.
A man accused of defrauding insurance companies out of more than £144,000 has told a court he was involved in a "genuine" car crash.
I've just finished my first week at Wimbledon and I'm looking forward to the rest of the tournament.
A 17th Century hand-written manuscript has been revealed in a special episode of the BBC's Antiques Roadshow.
Airbus and OneWeb have announced plans to build the world’s largest constellation of satellites.
A three-year-old girl who went missing in Pembrokeshire has been found safe and well, police have said.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has lost an appeal against his conviction for murder.
A court in Japan has given the go-ahead for the restart of two nuclear reactors.
Aberdeen's first ever comedy festival is getting under way.
Former England and Crewe Alexandra footballer Ian Woodward has said he is still waiting for police to visit him.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for revenge porn victims to be given the right to anonymity.
The head of India's censor board has resigned after a controversial film starring a controversial religious leader was cleared for release.
If you want to stand out in the world of sport, you might as well go for something a bit more unusual.
Claudia Winkleman is to leave the BBC's film show Claudia on Film after two years.
More than a third of rail passengers are paying too much for their tickets, according to research by the rail regulator.
University staff in Wrexham and Cardiff have taken part in a strike in a dispute over pay.
The John Lewis ManOnTheMoon Christmas advert is the latest in a long line of adverts that have made the leap from radio, TV and now online.
Scottish energy firm Aggreko has agreed to buy US-based moisture control company Dryco.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has said US President-elect Donald Trump has "some obvious similarities" with him.
Four men have been cautioned by police after publishing the name of a woman who was raped by footballer Ched Evans in 2011.
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Dover at Moss Rose.
The Rolling Stones are "playing around" with the idea of a world tour, guitarist Keith Richards has said.
Britain's Johanna Konta says she has "a lot to improve on" after losing to Aleksandra Krunic in the first round of the US Open.
Barnsley missed the chance to move into the Championship play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by Preston.
A US women's basketball player has been banned from playing in South Korea after being accused of fabricating her birth certificate.
A new childcare voucher scheme for working parents in England and Wales is set to be announced later.
The site of the 2017 National Eisteddfod in Ceredigion is set to be revealed.
Leigh Centurions head coach Paul Rowley has resigned.
Liisa Ronkainen is one of 2,000 unemployed people in Finland who will receive a basic income from the government over the next two years.
Mount Etna, one of the world's most active volcanoes, has erupted for the second time in a week.
Scotland scrum-half Alex Pyrgos says it will be a "huge honour" to captain the team at the World Cup.
A BBC team has been embedded with Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in the northern city of Mosul.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte and US President Barack Obama have met for the first time at an Asean summit in Laos.
Taylor Swift has admitted she thought she was looking at a Taylor Swift lookalike.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Nasdaq closed higher on Monday, despite falls in shares of technology companies.
If you're a football fan, you'll know that the best summaries of a match are usually done by a computer.
A human foot has been found in a Bristol park, police have said.
Plans to demolish four buildings to make way for a £100m hotel have been approved by councillors.
Pakistan's Supreme Court has postponed the hearing of an appeal by a Christian woman sentenced to death for blasphemy.
The waiting time for mental health treatment in Wales is to be cut, the Welsh government has announced.
An Australian rugby league player has been charged with supplying cocaine.
Former England all-rounder Gareth Lewis says he wants to help young cricketers avoid the pitfalls of a professional career.
Ross County moved back to the top of the Scottish Premiership with victory over Kilmarnock at Rugby Park.
Leinster moved up to fourth in the Pro12 with a hard-fought victory over Connacht at the RDS.
Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane says his team will have to fight for their African Champions League title after being held to a 2-2 draw by Ugandan side KCCA.
A Cornish tin mine used in the BBC drama Poldark is to undergo a £1.5m revamp.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused rival Ted Cruz of "stealing" the Iowa caucuses.
Jazz Carlin says she has been working with a sports psychologist after winning her second Olympic silver medal in Rio.
Gareth Southgate has been appointed England manager on a three-year deal.
In the run-up to the general election, impressionists were left to reflect on the loss of some of their favourite characters.
A letter written by Cressida Lewis to his future wife has sold at auction for £3,500.
Loganair has completed the first stage of a £15m refurbishment of its fleet.
Police are searching for a four-year-old girl who went missing after being taken to hospital by her family.
Volkswagen has delayed the release of its 2015 results and shareholders' meeting because of the emissions scandal.
Tens of thousands of people in India's Darjeeling hills have gone on a one-day strike in support of a demand for a separate state.
Norwich City midfielder Alex Tettey says his goal against Southampton on Saturday was a "Yaya Toure moment".
Great Britain's women produced their best performance of the EuroHockey Championships with a 4-3 win over New Zealand.
Mohamed El Amrani has resigned as secretary general of the Confederation of African Football (Caf), days after the body's former president Issa Hayatou was ousted.
Police have appealed for help in tracing a pensioner who has gone missing from a Cardiff hospital.
Batsman Steve Smith has been named as Australia's Test captain following the retirement of Michael Clarke.
Partick Thistle's Steven Lawless has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
A drink-driver who was found lying in the road with his trousers down has been given an unpaid work order.
Championship side Leicester City have signed Birmingham City midfielder Alex Hector on a season-long loan deal.
Yorkshire should have its own "White Rose Parliament", former cabinet minister David Blunkett has said.
Gateshead and Guiseley shared the spoils after a 1-1 draw at the International Stadium.
Preston North End have signed Aston Villa midfielder Callum Robinson and Fulham midfielder Luke Pringle on two-year deals.
Glasgow City Council has said it will have a "full debrief" with police and the organisers of Saturday's Orange Order parade after a sectarian song was sung.
UK scientists will be able to edit genes in human embryos for the first time, the country's fertility regulator has said.
Australia beat India by eight wickets in a thrilling one-day series decider in Manuka, New South Wales.
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery in west Belfast.
As the NHS in England celebrates its 68th birthday, the question marks over financial sustainability are perhaps as big as they ever have been.
A former priest in the Catholic Church in the Republic of Ireland, Father John D'Arcy, has said he would find it hard to continue if he was in the position of Cardinal Sean Brady.
The families of two men who died in a crash have paid tribute to them.
Army bomb disposal officers have carried out an examination of a suspicious vehicle in Edinburgh city centre.
The number of people out of work in the UK fell by 10,000 to 1.57 million in the three months to June, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Unilever, the world's biggest household goods maker, has reported a fall in sales for 2014.
Kurdish authorities in Iraq say they have evidence that Islamic State (IS) militants have used mustard gas on Kurdish peshmerga fighters.
A man has been rescued after his car plunged into a reservoir following a police chase.
People in England can now check on the quality of care they receive at care homes on a government website.
An algorithm is to be used to make investment decisions for a pharmaceutical company.
Johnson & Johnson (J&J) has been ordered to pay $70m (Â£49m) in damages to the family of a woman who died after using its talcum powder.
Cannondale's Pierre Rolland won stage seven of the Giro d'Italia to take the overall lead.
Adebayo Akinfenwa rescued a point for Wycombe with a late equaliser at Morecambe.
An 86-year-old woman hit a would-be thief over the head with a bacon slice as she tried to rob a supermarket in Greater Manchester.
The All-Ireland club hurling final will be live on the BBC Sport website and BBC Radio Ulster 1341MW from Thursday 17 March.
The parents of a two-year-old girl found dead on a double decker bus have denied her murder.
The Danish shipping giant Maersk has said it is "pleased" that the crew of a container ship seized in Iranian waters on Tuesday are safe.
PedroPedro suffered a broken nose in Chelsea's pre-season friendly against China on Saturday.
Three people have been remanded in custody charged with terrorism offences.
Labour has retained the Cardiff South and Penarth seat in a by-election.
Campaigners have marched through the Lincolnshire Wolds to highlight their opposition to a planned wind farm at Gayton le Marsh.
World leaders are gathering in New York to sign the Paris climate agreement, despite the absence of US President Barack Obama.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of his wife was found at a house in Somerset.
Angelina Jolie's decision to have a risk-reducing mastectomy may have increased the number of women seeking genetic testing, say researchers.
The number of people waiting up to a year for an urgent consultant-led appointment at the Ulster Hospital is the highest in any health trust in Northern Ireland, according to new figures.
A man has been injured after a firework exploded in his face in north Belfast.
Nigel and Helen Stevens live in the Spanish town of Benavista on the Costa del Sol.
Dozens of bottles of detergent known as "Vanish" have washed up on a Cornish beach.
Yeovil Town Ladies striker Sarah Heatherson has signed a new one-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
A football fan from Northern Ireland has denied taking part in a racist chant during the FA Cup final.
A council leader has been asked to resign over claims he "misled" councillors over his links to a fitness firm.
Shares in oil and gas explorer Premier Natural Resources have jumped by more than 90% after the company amended its deal to buy rival E.On.
Derry City came from behind to beat Bohemians and move five points clear at the top of the Premier Division.
A woman in the US state of Michigan has been charged with attempted murder after she shot at the tyres of a stolen car.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough thrashed Bristol Rovers in League One.
A Pembrokeshire bus company has gone into administration, BBC Wales has learned.
Dundee have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder Ruben Etxabeguren on a one-year contract.
India's capital, Delhi, has been enveloped in thick smog for the second day in a row.
Jose Fernandez, a pitcher for the Miami Marlins, was born in Cuba to a Cuban father and an American mother.
At least 20 people have been killed in clashes between tribesmen and Islamic State (IS) militants in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, officials say.
An Air Canada plane made a "very rare" near-miss at San Francisco's airport, Canadian investigators have said.
The sister of one of the Rotherham grooming gang's victims has described them as "a pack of animals", a court has heard.
The House of Lords has called on the government to ensure that the UK's fishing industry has continued access to EU waters after Brexit.
David Cameron tried to persuade Angela Merkel to give the UK concessions on free movement of people during the EU referendum campaign, BBC Newsnight has learned.
In the wake of the Westminster terror attack, BBC London's home affairs correspondent Nick Beake answers your questions.
Arsenal have signed Legia Warsaw midfielder Krystian Bielik on a season-long loan deal.
Rescue teams in Colombia are continuing to search for survivors of a landslide in the north-eastern province of Antioquia.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested as part of the investigation into the London Bridge terror attack, police have said.
Spanish football federation president Angel Maria Villar has resigned from European football's governing body, Uefa.
Plans to ban the use of wild animals in circuses in Scotland could lead to the closure of zoos, MSPs have heard.
A man with paranoid schizophrenia who stabbed a healthcare assistant to death at a mental health unit has been jailed for life.
German prosecutors say they have arrested a second suspected al-Qaeda fighter accused of involvement in the murder of Syrian government employees.
Ross Wallace scored the only goal as Sheffield Wednesday beat 10-man Huddersfield Town to move into the Championship play-off places.
A fuel additive has been linked to the high rupture rate of breast implants made by a French company, according to a French TV report.
The Welsh Labour leader has told the party's conference in Cardiff that a Labour government in Wales would be "better than the Tories at Westminster".
Portugal has become the first country in 20 years to win the Eurovision Song Contest.
Four Gloucestershire councillors fell asleep during a BBC debate on children's services, it has emerged.
Northern Ireland's Paul Dunne lost out to Italy's Francesco Molinari in a play-off at the Italian Open.
A record number of godwits have been spotted on the Isle of Tiree.
Papers in China have condemned as "naive" and "unrealistic" comments by the US secretary of state nominee on China's island-building in the South China Sea.
The hunt for a large cat that sparked a major security alert in northern France has been scaled back.
Six people have been arrested in the UK as part of an international investigation into cybercrime.
Fifa has confirmed that the independent chairman of its reform taskforce has not applied for the post.
A children's book written by the author of It has won the Waterstones Children's Book of the Year award.
Nurses at Eastbourne General Hospital have said they are "devastated" by plans to downgrade services.
Guinea has become the first country in the world to be declared free of the deadly Ebola virus.
MPs are to debate whether US presidential hopeful Donald Trump should be banned from entering the UK.
A 17th Century painting of Christ carrying the cross has been saved after a campaign to save it raised more than £1m.
Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died at the age of 72.
A pilot has been taken to hospital after his light aircraft crashed into a bungalow in Lincolnshire.
Leeds United manager Stuart McCall has accused Millwall fans of "intimidation" after a pitch invasion following their play-off final defeat.
The next parliamentary stage of the Scotland Bill has been delayed to allow more time for negotiations on the fiscal framework.
A Palestinian court has ordered the postponement of parliamentary elections due to be held next month.
Nigeria's former National Security Adviser, Sambo Dasuki, has been arrested on suspicion of corruption over an arms deal worth $2bn (Â£1.6bn).
Head coach Alexander Haig says Georgia want to be included in an expanded Six Nations.
A woman who died after being hit by a car in South Lanarkshire has been named by police.
Nigeria's leading Hausa actress has been banned from the country's film industry after she was caught on camera holding hands with a pop star.
House prices have risen faster in England than anywhere else in the UK, official figures show.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died at the age of 93.
A project to celebrate the life and work of one of Scotland's most famous poets is to be launched.
"We are the young people of Timbuktu, we can dance and do whatever we want," says 22-year-old Ibrahim Toure.
A Merthyr Tydfil police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man.
A prison dog has been withdrawn from service after a six-year-old girl was bitten on the face during a drugs test.
In a remote corner of the Amazon rainforest, there is a small community which uses water from the clouds to make beer.
Police Scotland has said it does not have figures for the number of children who have been victims of sexual exploitation.
A man who became famous for his collection of Marilyn Monroe, Winston Churchill and Queen Victoria knickers has died.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy has become a "toxic brand" for the Muslim community, a former senior police officer has said.
Great Britain's men's and women's handball teams have missed out on a place at the Rio Olympics.
Shares in Japanese carmaker Mitsubishi ended the week down more than 6% after the company admitted falsifying fuel economy data.
The UK has returned to Libya for the first time since the country's civil war broke out in 2011.
George Clooney has been given the go-ahead to install CCTV cameras in the grounds of his Oxfordshire home.
In the run-up to the general election on 8 June, BBC News will be using the hashtag #iNeverKnew to ask you questions about the parties and the issues you care about.
The chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said an exit from the European Union would make policing "more complicated and more costly".
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has signed a new two-year contract with the Super Eagles.
South Africa thrashed England by eight wickets in the second Twenty20 to complete a 3-0 series whitewash.
Lille midfielder Souleymane Bissouma has signed a new two-year contract with the Ligue 1 club.
Thousands of people have gathered in Leicester to celebrate the Hindu festival of Diwali.
South Africa's Bloemfontein anti-doping laboratory has been suspended by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
The RNLI has asked one of its volunteers to stand down "with immediate effect".
Virat Kohli's India will take on Pakistan in Sunday's Champions Trophy final at The Oval.
A vicar accused of indecently assaulting a teenage girl has been cleared of all charges.
Talks aimed at averting further strikes in the North Sea are to resume next week.
Essex's batsmen struggled on day two against Gloucestershire at Chelmsford.
A man has admitted ordering a taxi driver to rob a bank while wearing a fake Polish accent.
A Labour peer who led an inquiry into claims of anti-Semitism in the party has been offered a peerage by Jeremy Corbyn.
When I first arrived at the London office of Craig "Satoshi" Wright, I was a little taken aback.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit and killed by a car in Manchester.
A consultation into the future of maternity services in Wrexham has been launched.
A hacking group believed to be based in North Korea was behind the global ransomware attack in May, UK officials have said.
Powys council has taken on the role of the former Office of Fair Trading (OFT).
You might think a couple who have won six Olympic golds would have a lot in common.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) says it has found evidence that more than 6,000 bodies smuggled out of Syria are those of detainees who died in detention or in military hospitals.
The Northern Ireland secretary of state has been criticised for not taking his seat when the Irish national anthem was played at the McKenna Cup final in Dublin.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) says it is investigating an incident in which a club official appeared to strike the head of Tunisian referee Mohamed Otogo-Castane.
The Republican campaign team have put a big sign on the stage ahead of Mitt Romney's rally in Ohio.
Gaia Vince has won the 2015 Royal Society Winton Prize for her book about life in the Anthropocene.
Tens of thousands of anti-government protesters have taken to the streets of the Thai capital, Bangkok, calling for the removal of the government.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a 90-year-old woman was run over by her own car.
The Scottish government will not be given powers over Air Passenger Duty (APD) for now, the BBC has learned.
Wales head coach Robin McBryde will take charge of the national team for the summer tour of New Zealand.
Islamic State (IS) militants have blown up an ancient Assyrian monastery in Iraq, according to satellite images.
There is no significant difference in the risk of suicide between veterans and non-veterans, according to a new study.
More than a million elderly and disabled people in England are not getting the care they need because of cuts to services, a report says.
England captain Eoin Morgan is a "world-class player" despite criticism from Geoffrey Boycott, says James Anderson.
It has been described as Scotland's version of Peter Pan's Neverland.
Mae Gogledd Cymru wedi cyrraedd y pedwerydd safle ar y 10 uchaf ar draws y byd, gyda Choquequirao ym Mheriw ar y brig.
The NHS is being used as "a guinea pig for further creeping privatisation", the Green Party has claimed.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has been fined £37m by the UK's competition watchdog for stifling competition.
The founder of Italian football club AC Milan should be honoured in his home city of Nottingham, a writer has said.
A case of bird flu has been found at a farm in Lincolnshire.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a van in Devon.
An armed security contractor with a criminal record was allowed to board a lift with US President Barack Obama, US media report.
Mae'r Eisteddfod Genedlaethol wedi cael ei defnyddio i reoli traffig yn ystod yr wythnos yn golygu na fydd faniau yn gallu dod a chydrannau ceir i'w garej Bryn Eira.
The former leader of Myanmar's main opposition party, Shwe Mann, has met the country's opposition leader, Aung San Suu Kyi.
No-one will be prosecuted for killing a fox during a hunt, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has said.
John Boehner, the US House of Representatives speaker who has been known to cry at events, has announced he will resign from Congress at the end of October.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Silicon Valley is the latest in a string of high-profile visits by Indian leaders to the US in recent years.
Keith Hellawell has said he will not stand for re-election as chairman of Sports Direct.
Two Canadians have been arrested in China on suspicion of drug trafficking, Canadian media report.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
The US has said it is ready to help Libya's UN-backed government fight so-called Islamic State (IS).
The former treasurer of Spain's governing Popular Party (PP) is due to be questioned by anti-corruption prosecutors over allegations of illegal payments.
India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has met his Bangladeshi counterpart, Sheikh Hasina, on the second day of his visit to the two countries.
A former pub landlord has been jailed for sexually abusing a police officer in the 1980s.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is not interested in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Four British tourists who stripped off on a Malaysian mountain have been released from jail.
Finding Dory has held on to the top spot in the UK box office for a fourth week, as Suicide Squad continues to struggle.
The proportion of women having a Caesarean section in the UK is much higher than in other European countries, a study has found.
The chief executive of a Cheshire council has been suspended following allegations of gross misconduct.
Great Britain's bid to host the 2017 World Taekwondo Championships has been approved by the International Olympic Committee.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has signed a new three-year contract with the Spanish club.
Mae cyngor yn dweud bod cwymp yn nifer y disgyblion sy'n astudio trwy gyfrwng y Gymraeg yn Ysgol Uwchradd Aberhonddu ar hyn o bryd.
Welshman Mark Williams has qualified for the World Championship for the first time in his career.
Three people have been charged after a protest at Heathrow Airport.
White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci has been sacked by President Donald Trump.
Charlton Athletic have released midfielder Nasser Ghoochannejhad and defender Thiago Motta.
A former Gloucestershire Police community support officer has been jailed for having sex with vulnerable women.
Fleetwood Mac will headline this year's Isle of Wight Festival.
The lawyer for US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden says he has not yet received the travel documents he needs to leave Russia.
Norwich City assistant manager Steve Money has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said his country will not be distracted by Israel's military operations in Syria.
A kayaker is missing after his boat capsized in Surrey.
A fountain in memory of Czech and Slovak soldiers who carried out a daring World War Two air raid is in need of restoration.
The organisers of a year-long cultural festival in Hull have said they have raised more than £25m.
South Yorkshire Police Chief Constable David Crompton has been suspended following the Hillsborough inquests verdict.
Austria has said it will halve the number of asylum-seekers it takes in.
Investigators looking into the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 in eastern Ukraine say they have found missile parts.
A former council youth worker who was jailed for sexually abusing a boy tried to apply to be a foster carer in 2010, a report has revealed.
A six-year-old girl with a rare form of leukaemia is set to have a bone marrow transplant.
Fossils of the first pine trees have been discovered in Canada.
Plans for a £22m beach recharge in Essex have been "completely open and transparent", the county council's leader has said.
Chelsea are back at the top of the Premier League and manager Antonio Conte is leading the way.
Olympic silver medallist Jack Burnell won the men's 100m backstroke at the London Anniversary Games.
Sinn Féin's Martin McGuinness has said he will not have the support of his party at the Northern Ireland Executive table.
Plymouth Argyle have signed Sunderland midfielder Jordan Nelson on loan and Hartlepool United striker Ryan Rooney on a month's loan.
Aston Villa have been fined £50,000 by the Football Association for failing to control their players during Saturday's game against Leicester.
Three members of staff at a school where a pupil died after falling into a swimming pool have been arrested.
Emma Croker will make her first Six Nations start for England women against Ireland on Saturday.
A 34-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Thursday.
Debris from a wood near Loch Ness could be the cause of recent sightings of the Loch Ness Monster, it has been claimed.
Growth in the UK economy slowed in the second quarter of the year, official figures have shown.
A bridge in County Durham has been closed after a water main burst.
Police in Mauritius say they have seized heroin with an estimated street value of more than $1m (Â£700,000) from one of the country's top footballers, Thierry Leopold.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to victory in the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Damien Hirst's autobiography is to be published next year, Penguin Books has announced.
Aberdeen chairman David Milne has said the club will press ahead with plans for a new stadium.
Two dogs taken in by an animal sanctuary after their owner was killed in a crash in Snowdonia have found new owners.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a seven-year-old girl by dangerous driving.
A 25-year-old man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who died after being hit by a car.
Arsenal Ladies have extended the contract of Ivory Coast international midfielder Nana Attakora until the end of the 2017-18 season.
A fitness centre which closed last month is set to reopen in time for Easter.
Benedetto Morricone has said his criticism of director Quentin Tarantino was "mis-reported".
Nigeria's Isaac Dasaolu secured his place at the Rio Olympics with victory in the men's 100m at the British Championships.
One in six children in Australia is living in poverty, according to a new report.
A pharmaceutical firm is to create up to 100 jobs at a former Sanofi site in Newcastle.
New Leicester Lions owner Steve Bates says he is already in talks with riders to form a team for the new season.
A man has died following an incident at an industrial estate in Derbyshire.
A woman charged with murdering her two-year-old daughter has been remanded in custody at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast.
Police investigating the murder of a 50-year-old man have renewed their appeal for information a year after the attack.
The use of racist language by private security escorts on deportation flights should be grounds for dismissal, a group of MPs has said.
A researcher in South Africa has said her research into the genetic causes of leukaemia could lead to a new treatment for the disease.
Early treatment for HIV can halve the risk of Aids, a major study has found.
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders player David McAllister on a one-year deal.
Farmers in England will be able to manage their own flood defences from April, the government has announced.
A man dubbed "Fred Flintstone" has been crowned Europe's Strongest Man.
More than 5,000 people in the UK were conned out of their holiday money last year, according to Action Fraud.
Ofsted inspectors have found a lack of respect for women at some private Muslim and Christian schools.
Worcestershire have re-signed Australia all-rounder Mitch Santner for the 2017 season.
West Ham Ladies have signed a new five-year deal with the club, which will see them play in the FA Women's Premier League.
There is a "diversity crisis" in the performing arts in England, according to a report commissioned by the Labour Party.
Southampton progressed to the fourth round of the EFL Cup with victory over Crystal Palace at St Mary's.
Former Al Ahli manager Dermot O'Leary has won his case for unfair dismissal against the club.
Former News of the World editor Andy Coulson and ex-Sun editor Rebekah Brooks have appeared in court charged with conspiracy to unlawfully intercept communications.
Twenty-six Italian athletes have been charged with doping by the country's anti-doping agency.
A man who bombarded his ex-girlfriend with abusive messages and set her car on fire has been jailed for 12 years.
Mexican footballer Javier Pulido called an emergency number after he was kidnapped and threatened his kidnapper while on the phone, officials say.
Leicester's poor start to the Premier League season continued as they were beaten by Bournemouth at Vitality Stadium.
Uefa president Michel Platini has lodged an appeal against his six-month ban from football's world governing body, Fifa.
The airline Monarch has said it expects to make more than Â£40m in underlying earnings by the end of its financial year.
Plans to create a new unitary authority in the Cotswolds could lead to the "end" of police in the area, a police and crime commissioner has said.
A Wolverhampton council has said the scale of cuts it will need to make by 2019 has risen to £134m, up from £123m in 2014.
Goldman Sachs will no longer conduct face-to-face interviews with students as part of its recruitment process.
Liverpool scored three first-half goals as they came from behind to beat Premier League champions Leicester.
Gloucester will face Bath in the European Champions Cup final after a hard-fought win over La Rochelle.
A couple have become the first in New Zealand to marry under the Pastafarian religion, which believes that humans evolved from pirates.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has charged two members of Russia's FSB intelligence agency with hacking into Yahoo accounts.
The Football Supporters' Federation (FSF) has called on Premier League clubs to set up their own in-house ticket exchange.
The chief executive of infidelity dating website Ashley Madison has had his emails hacked, according to security experts.
Northern Ireland's population is expected to rise by more than 100,000 between mid-2014 and mid-2039.
Conor Thomas scored a late winner as Swindon came from behind to beat Millwall at the County Ground.
An appeal for information about the disappearance of a man whose car was found abandoned in woodland has been taken up by a charity.
An accident involving a wind turbine and a lorry has been caught on camera.
An artificial intelligence (AI) system has been trained to spot skin cancer in more than 100,000 photographs.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea will not play in Saturday's opening Premier League game of the season against Tottenham, says manager Louis van Gaal.
Former Premier League footballer David Carlisle has been jailed for three months for drink-driving.
A major road in Somerset has reopened after being closed for more than a week due to flooding.
A baby golden eagle has been released back into the wild after being rescued in the Vale of Glamorgan.
US talk show host Rosie O'Donnell has undergone heart surgery after suffering a suspected heart attack.
Hundreds of people have gathered in Portsmouth for VJ Day commemorations.
Tributes have been paid to a boxer who died after being hit by a punch.
Hundreds of people have attended funerals in the Brazilian town of Salgar, where dozens of people died in a landslide on Monday.
Venezuela and Cuba have long been close allies, but now the relationship between the two countries is rapidly deteriorating.
A light above the Houses of Parliament will be switched off for the first time in more than 100 years, the House of Commons has said.
Barcelona boss Luis Enrique says his side "deserved" a draw against Real Madrid despite Luka Modric's late equaliser.
A huntsman has told a court he was present when a fox was deliberately shot by a hunt's hounds.
A former purchasing manager who stole more than £100,000 from his employer and sold it to colleagues for as little as £180 has been ordered to pay back £115,000.
Russia's agriculture minister has dismissed the idea of adding European wine to the list of Russian products that could be banned.
The family of a British man detained in India for more than a year have said they are "devastated" after the Supreme Court adjourned their case.
The number of nursing and midwifery vacancies in the Scottish NHS has risen by more than a quarter in the past year.
A man accused of murdering his six-year-old son punched his other son in the stomach, a court has heard.
A former Royal Navy diver who carried out a search for the sunken warship HMS Coventry has said he felt like he was "diving on a war grave".
Wales' first wave and tidal energy demonstration zones have been approved by the government.
Jockey AP McCoy ended his 20-year career on a high as he was presented with the champion jockey's trophy at Cheltenham.
A judge has rejected Jet2's bid to delay paying compensation to passengers who were delayed for more than three hours.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said allegations that the US spied on her phone are "grave".
Swansea City's Under-21s have won the EFL Trophy for the second year in a row after beating Reading in Sunday's final.
Plans to build a tunnel under Stonehenge are "not worth fighting for", an MP has said.
Shadow home secretary Andy Burnham has said he has an "outside but realistic chance" of becoming Labour leader.
The prime minister has said he will not cut the top rate of income tax for those earning over £150,000.
Aung San Suu Kyi's failure to condemn the "mass atrocities" being committed against Myanmar's Rohingya Muslim minority is an outrage, say human rights activists.
The inheritance tax (IHT) system is one of the most complex and controversial in the world of taxation.
Alliance Trust Savings has agreed to buy a Dundee-based stockbroking business from Brewers Dolphin.
The BBC is to launch 11 new language services on its World Service as part of a £289m investment.
A man has been found guilty of masterminding a £1m car insurance fraud by staging collisions involving buses.
A Canadian man has described the moment he was struck by lightning at his son-in-law's wedding.
Children who play with touchscreens are less likely to get a good night's sleep, a study suggests.
Cornish Pirates have extended the contracts of fly-half Laurence Pope, scrum-half Jack May and full-back Jack Moyle until the end of the season.
Two teenagers have been killed in a crash in Cumbria.
More than 18 out of 22 councils in Wales are broadcasting their council meetings online, the Welsh Government has said.
Kurtley Beale scored a hat-trick of tries as Wasps eased to victory over Bath at the Ricoh Arena.
Ricky Gervais' wife Nikki has been talking to Newsround about how she stays safe online.
A warrant has been issued for the arrest of Scotland international footballer Robert Snodgrass.
Police in Somalia have released a video purporting to show the moment a suspected suicide bomber blew himself up on a Daallo Airlines flight last week.
Argentine President-elect Mauricio Macri has made his first public appearance since Sunday's historic election.
The mother of a man accused of murdering an elderly cyclist has told a court she feared her son was involved in the attack.
Shares in a Grade II-listed pier that was badly damaged in a fire are to be sold in a bid to raise £300,000.
Microsoft has said it did not break the law when it searched a blogger's Hotmail account.
It would take 28 years to get the Welsh rail network up to a prescribed standard, Economy Secretary Ken Skates has said.
A man has died following a crash in County Antrim.
A statue of British imperialist Cecil Rhodes has been removed from the campus of a top South African university.
Newport County boss Graham Westley's criticism of the state of the Rodney Parade pitch is "unhelpful", says the club's chief executive Gareth Davies.
A record 66.6% of pupils in Wales achieved A* to C grades in their GCSEs.
East Midlands Airport is celebrating its 50th anniversary.
Six British fugitives have been named by police in Spain as part of an international hunt for fugitives.
British number two Andy Murray's team-mate Matt Sears has been fined $10,000 (£7,500) for swearing during the Wimbledon final.
Boat owners have been warned by Jersey's Environment Department about the dangers of disturbing seabirds on the island's coral reefs.
People in Wrexham are being asked to come up with a name for a new prison.
Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Mark Roberts from League Two rivals Cambridge United for an undisclosed fee.
The body of a man has been recovered from the River Tees in Cumbria.
A three-week-old baby boy has died after being bitten by a dog in Gateshead.
A man accused of removing an electronic monitoring tag from his ankle in an attempt to take his dog for a morning walk has been refused bail.
Tata Steel's management buyout is a "good move" for the industry, Sir Vince Cable has said.
A man who uses a horse to pull his car through a McDonald's drive-thru has said he will stay on the car park until the issue is resolved.
Gary Neville's winless run in charge of Valencia stretched to eight La Liga matches as Diego Sanabria's second-half penalty gave Celta Vigo victory.
A judge in Brazil has sentenced a rancher to life in prison for the murder of a conservationist in a land dispute.
A low-fat, high-carb diet appears to be more effective at losing weight than a high-fat one, according to US scientists.
A prison criticised for high levels of violence and suicides has seen "limited progress", inspectors have said.
Olympic bronze medallist Laura Muir has been named in the Great Britain squad for the European Indoor Championships.
Labour and the Conservatives have clashed over the future of the NHS in Wales in the run-up to the general election.
Hospitals across Scotland are spending an average of £3.18 per day on meals for patients, according to new figures.
Apple has forecast a fall in revenues for the next three months after it reported flat sales of iPhones.
A British trader accused of causing a "flash crash" in the US stock market has appeared in court in London.
Great Britain will play Argentina in the semi-finals of the Davis Cup at Wimbledon next month.
Australia's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has been given a security pat-down at Sydney International Airport.
A man has been taken to hospital following an explosion at an industrial estate in Edenderry, County Antrim.
A police officer who lied about his qualifications and made judgements in cases that were outside his remit has been cleared of misconduct.
Somerset have re-signed South Africa all-rounder Jacques van der Nerwe on a two-year deal.
More than 1,000 people have been ordered to leave their homes in California as a wildfire continues to burn out of control.
Aberdeen-based gas compressor manufacturer Vert Rotors has raised £3.5m in new funding.
The Bank of Scotland has launched its first fully plastic £5 note.
Middlesbrough missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a goalless draw by Ipswich.
When Dutee Chand arrived at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, she was one of the brightest stars of the sport.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized more than 160 kilos of herbal cannabis.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused the European Union of "crazy" policies towards Israel.
A call for Cardiff International Airport to be renamed in honour of the late Welsh poet Huw Stephens is to be considered by assembly members.
A man arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman whose body was found in a field in Hampshire has been released on bail.
The head of cycling's world governing body, Brian Cookson, says he is "not trying to dodge any of my responsibility" for British Cycling's problems.
BBC Scotland will be hosting an election debate with six of Scotland's main political parties later.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has accused the British press of "bias, prejudices and attacks" during a speech in the City of London.
The cost of weddings and funerals in the Church of England is set to rise by up to 50%.
Two World War One soldiers whose bodies were found in Belgium more than 100 years ago have been reinterred.
Mae cynllun peilot yng Nghwm Cynon a Chastell-nedd wedi gwella cyfraddau goresgyn canser gwaethaf yn y byd datblygedig.
Roedd Llywodraeth Cymru wedi dweud yn flaenorol y dylai'r sefydliadau datganoledig gael penderfynu a ddylid datblygu fframwaith gyda San Steffan yn dilyn Brexit.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) is to release land at 13 military sites in England and Wales in a bid to raise £225m for new homes.
Ten-man Dagenham & Redbridge twice came from behind to draw with Wycombe Wanderers.
Dawid Malan hit a career-best 72 as England beat South Africa by eight wickets to complete a 3-0 Twenty20 series whitewash at Taunton.
A chameleon that was found in a Cardiff park has been put down by RSPCA Cymru.
The organisers of this year's T in the Park music festival have announced a major revamp of the campsite.
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 is to focus on the southern part of the search zone after a Chinese fishing boat redetected a signal.
If you've ever struggled with depression, you'll know it can be hard to get help online.
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories over the past 24 hours.
Tributes have been paid to a Wasps rugby coach who died in a car crash in Fife.
Liverpool have completed the signing of Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson.
Championship side Birmingham City have signed striker Joe Vaughan on loan from Premier League side Chelsea until the end of the season.
A 70-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in Gwynedd.
A football club's underdog story is to be turned into a film.
When the first World Cup was held in India in 1954, it was hailed as one of the greatest sporting events in the country's history.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea's comeback win over Aston Villa was "fantastic" for the team.
Mick Fanning won the World Surf League (WSL) Pipe Masters title just hours after learning his brother Peter had died.
Dutch rider Dylan Groenewegen won the opening stage of the Tour de Yorkshire.
Greece is one of the poorest countries in the world.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of having an imitation gun after a security alert in south London.
Fifa's annual Congress in Zurich is a chance for world football's governing body to reflect on the events of the past few weeks.
The only sensible plan for the HS2 project is to abandon the project altogether, an MP has said.
Developers have applied for planning permission for more than 700 student flats in Belfast city centre.
The amount of money spent on film production in the UK reached an all-time high last year, according to figures from the British Film Institute.
This year's BBC Proms will feature the work of more than 1,000 primary school pupils from across Wales.
Olympic silver medallist Ashton Mitchell-Blake has become the fourth British athlete to run under 20 seconds in the 200m.
Argentina progressed to the last 16 of the Under-20 World Cup with a 4-0 win over Guinea in South Korea.
Six teenagers who stole mopeds and cars at knifepoint have been jailed.
Dundee Football Club's American owner has revealed that the club is planning to build a new stadium near its Dens Park ground.
Serena Williams won her 23rd Grand Slam title with victory over elder sister Venus in the Australian Open final.
EastEnders star Danny Dyer has been named best actor at the Tric Awards.
A number of major infrastructure projects are to be discussed later as part of the Glasgow and Clyde Valley City Deal.
The Welsh Green Party has launched its manifesto for the assembly election, promising to "cut out the exploitative middle man".
Plans have been drawn up to improve the appearance of a Birmingham park bought by Crown Estates.
David Coetzer believes Scotland will be in a strong position when they take on Afghanistan in the first of two one-day internationals on Monday.
The childhood home of John Lennon has been sold at auction for £250,000.
A World War One medal found in a field in Gwynedd has been reunited with the family of the soldier it belonged to.
The mother of a man whose body parts were kept by police for 23 years has said she is "devastated" by the discovery.
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann has said he is "devastated" by the injury suffered by new signing Jordan Houghton in training.
Mainland Chinese shares fell for a third day in a row on Friday as investors remained cautious ahead of a raft of new share offerings next week.
The Welsh Rugby Union has withdrawn its central contract offer to Scarlets scrum-half Scott Williams.
A crane has been used to remove drugs and mobile phones from a prison roof.
The families of two motorcyclists killed in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to them.
Two former prison officers are helping ex-offenders find work in jails across England and Wales.
Mexican investigators have begun exhuming the remains of more than 100 people believed to have been buried in a mass grave in the state of Morelos.
Rising temperatures are putting the lives of many species at risk, say scientists.
Plans for the M4 motorway in Newport would have a "significant impact" on protected land, a public inquiry has heard.
(Close): The pound fell after the Bank of England cut its growth forecast and kept interest rates on hold.
Prime Minister Theresa May has received a letter from the chairman of the inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire, Downing Street has said.
A German intelligence officer has been arrested on suspicion of spying for the US, German media say.
Two performances of Matilda have been cancelled after the actress playing the title character became ill.
Drivers are being charged "excessive" private parking fees in Scotland, according to Citizens Advice Scotland (CAS).
Cardiff North was the only Welsh Labour seat to go to Jeremy Corbyn in the general election.
Greece's pro-bailout New Democracy party has won the most seats in Sunday's parliamentary election, officials say.
Is Opec - the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec) - about to get its act together?
Switzerland will not neglect Lionel Messi when they face Argentina at the World Cup on Thursday, says striker Zeljko Mehmedi.
David Cameron's visit to the Vale of Glamorgan is the second time he's been to Wales in the space of a year.
No charges will be brought against a man accused of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl in Aberdeen.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Arsenal midfielder Jack Jebb on loan until the end of the season and re-signed defender Craig McAllister on a one-month loan deal.
An Indian film festival has been refused permission to show a documentary about the caste system in the meat industry because it dealt with the issue of beef.
Archaeologists say they have found the remains of an ancient stone flooring at one of the holiest sites in Judaism and Islam.
Salmon was the biggest export from the UK in the first half of the year, according to industry figures.
Oxford United will host Championship side Scunthorpe in the first round of the EFL Trophy.
A Londonderry woman has pleaded guilty to stealing £20,000 from a cancer charity.
Young adults are the most likely victims of identity theft in the UK, according to a new report.
Police have launched a murder investigation after the body of a 25-year-old man was found at a house in Edinburgh.
More than 1,000 people have been charged as part of the PSNI's investigation into dissident republican activity in Northern Ireland.
A teenager has pleaded guilty to hacking into the parenting website Mumsnet.
The funeral of a mother and her two children who were stabbed to death in Oxfordshire is due to take place later.
Voters in Wales go to the polls on Thursday to choose their preferred local authority.
Singer Phil Collins has donated his collection of Alamo memorabilia to the state of Texas.
Castleford Tigers came from behind to beat Wakefield Trinity Wildcats and secure a top-eight finish in Super League.
Mixu Paatelainen believes Dundee United's relegation battle will go down to the wire.
A "bull-headed" iguana has spent three months living on top of a tree in Suffolk.
One of the biggest music awards in the world is coming up on Sunday night.
The main structure of Europe's Gaia space observatory has been moved from a UK factory to a French facility for final tests.
The ride-sharing company Uber has said it will take legal action against a female employee who accused it of sexism.
Manchester United have failed in their attempt to sign Spain goalkeeper David De Gea from Real Madrid.
The US Department of Homeland Security is expected to announce this week that it is going to ban laptops and tablets from all flights to and from Europe.
Details of the prime minister's office and the chancellery in Brussels have been found on a computer belonging to one of the bombers, Belgian media report.
A Chinese watermelon farmer has died after being hit with a weight by local law enforcers, state media report.
Women's Champions League holders Paris St-Germain have signed Netherlands striker Marit Middag from Ajax on a three-year deal.
Fenerbahce striker Robin van Persie has said he is "all good" after suffering an eye injury in a pre-season friendly.
Danny Hylton's header earned Luton a draw against Exeter at Kenilworth Road.
US rapper Kendrick Lamar has released a new album of unreleased tracks, following the success of his 2015 album To Pimp A Butterfly.
Thousands of people have turned out to see the giant ice sculptures that have been created for this year's Winter Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Manchester City Council bosses are set to receive pay rises of up to 20%.
Canadian MPs are debating a bill that would change the lyrics of the country's national anthem to reflect gender equality.
A former Michigan State University (MSU) sports doctor has been ordered to stand trial on child sexual assault charges.
A woman who was jailed for life for plotting to kill the prime minister during World War I is being honoured with a blue plaque.
Tributes have been paid to five British people who died when a whale-watching boat capsized off the coast of Canada.
World number one Lydia Ko became the youngest winner of a major when she won the Women's PGA Championship in Hawaii.
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Nabil Bentaleb has signed a new contract with Borussia Monchengladbach.
A man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend's boyfriend to death in a jealous rage has been jailed for life.
Tony Andreu missed a penalty as Dundee United and Raith Rovers played out a goalless draw at Stark's Park.
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in pre-tax profits for the three months to the end of June.
The owner of Argos has reported a fall in sales for the first quarter of the year, as it awaits a second bid for the retailer.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farhad Manjoo looks at the role of the army in the Arab Spring.
Vanessa Hill is one of the most sought-after back-up singers in the music industry.
Hundreds of cyclists have taken part in the Gran Fondo cycling event in Plymouth.
Police in the southern Indian state of Kerala are hunting for the killers of a Muslim woman who was shot dead in her office.
A man who ran over a police officer as he tried to stop a stolen car has been jailed for five years.
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Isle of Skye.
The sister of a woman who was stabbed to death by her ex-boyfriend has told a court she feared for her life.
A collection of Victorian and Edwardian prams, toys and shop memorabilia has sold for more than £6,000 at auction.
A motorcyclist has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a cyclist.
Somerset beat Gloucestershire by seven wickets in the One-Day Cup at Taunton.
A five-year-old boy has been cautioned by police for sexting.
A man who sent bomb threats to Bristol Airport has been jailed for six years.
England are on the verge of a historic victory over Australia in the first Test after a stunning third day in Cardiff.
Huddersfield Giants half-back Sione Ta'ai has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Lenovo and Acer have unveiled smartphones with lithium-ion batteries that they say can last up to three days between charges.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has classed processed meat as one of the most dangerous agents of cancer.
Southern rail conductors have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over changes to the role.
A new dissident republican group has said it was behind the murder of prison officer David Black.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has welcomed the UK's offer on EU citizens' rights, saying it was a "good start".
Kim In-kyung birdied the final hole to beat Ciganda in a play-off and win the Maybank Championship in Hawaii.
An Italian political party has apologised for using a photo of a Nottingham teenager who was born a girl on a leaflet opposing gender teaching in schools.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey has missed out on a second successive bouldering world title after finishing second at the second event of the season.
Dairy Crest is to sell its UK dairies business in a move to focus on its cheese and spreads business.
Spending by UK consumers has fallen for the first time in more than four years, according to Visa.
A disabled man who was hit by a train door while trying to get off at Bodmin Parkway has spoken of his "horrible and frightening" experience.
A fountain built to celebrate the Queen's accession to the throne is to be refilled with water from a nearby lake after the hosepipe ban was lifted.
British astronaut Tim Peake is set to launch into space on Tuesday.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was shot in Lincolnshire.
Ferrari's Fernando Alonso beat McLaren-Honda's Jenson Button and Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel to win the Spanish Grand Prix.
At least 14 people have died after heavy rain caused floods in Japan, the government has said.
If you're not at work catching up when you think the boss isn't looking, you're quite likely to be on the sofa in front of the television.
Kilmarnock have ended the loan spells of teenage players Callum Waddington and Callum Davies.
Another record-breaking seal breeding season is on the cards at a Norfolk nature reserve.
The population of one of the world's rarest gibbons has crashed in China, according to a new study.
MPs have voted in favour of the government's plan to raise VAT from 20% to 21%.
The threat to Wales' economy runs "far deeper" than the steel crisis, Plaid Cymru has said.
Manchester City Council has secured a £500m investment from the Abu Dhabi United Group.
Liverpool will be looking for their first win of the season when they take on Chelsea at Anfield on Saturday.
Britain's world number one Laura Robson won her second British Open title with a straight-set victory over Australia's Kirsty Waters.
That's why it was so important for Jeremy Corbyn to get rid of Owen Smith, the Labour MP who was accused of anti-Semitism.
Disney has announced plans for a sequel to last year's hit animation Frozen.
Wembley will host the Women's FA Cup final for the second time in three years, it has been announced.
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea's launch of a long-range rocket on Sunday.
Andre Gray scored twice as Championship leaders Burnley came from behind to beat relegation-threatened Bolton Wanderers.
Lancashire batsman Liam Livingstone hit an unbeaten 63 to put his side in a strong position against Nottinghamshire at Old Trafford.
Olympic champion Greg Rutherford won the long jump at the Great North City Games in Newcastle.
The family of a woman who died following a crash in Aberdeenshire have said they are "completely broken and devastated".
Dog poo is on the rise on UK beaches, according to the Marine Conservation Society.
Chelsea captain John Terry could have played his last game for the club after being sent off in the 2-2 draw with West Brom.
The final four members of an international gang who stole artefacts worth up to £57m from museums and auction houses have been found guilty.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the recent political developments in East Africa.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are two of the world's largest international organisations.
A man has raised more than £53,000 for a Liverpool hospice after swimming the English Channel in a Speedo.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his side must change their "losing mentality" after losing the FA Cup final to Arsenal.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend says his side were not good enough to beat Edinburgh in their 1872 Cup final at Scotstoun.
It has been a long and colourful history of shipbuilding in Govan on the south bank of the River Clyde.
A man accused of carrying out an acid attack on his ex-girlfriend has told a court he did not want to do it.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane should be selected by England manager Roy Hodgson, says former Gunners striker Shaun Murphy.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Canadian Vasek Pospisil in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the Rogers Cup in Montreal.
The inventor of Etch A Sketch, one of the world's most popular toys, has died at the age of 89.
The government is planning to sell its stake in a green investment bank as part of a drive to pay down the deficit.
A solar-powered phone charging station has been installed in a red telephone box in north London.
Samsung's decision to recall its Galaxy Note 7 phone for a second time is the latest in a series of setbacks for the South Korean tech giant.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has pleaded guilty to 11 new counts of indecent assault.
The US space agency (Nasa) has released the latest picture taken by its Curiosity rover on Mars.
A health board has denied breaching confidentiality by releasing a summary of an investigation into claims made by a Labour MP about her husband's death.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being stabbed in Bristol.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has asked Ofsted to prepare cases for prosecution against unregistered schools.
Aberdeen City Council has voted to scrap the controversial City Garden Project.
The family home of one of the most decorated submariners of World War Two is to be honoured.
Barcelona footballer Lionel Messi will face trial for tax fraud, a Spanish court has ruled.
Rangers will travel to League Two side Dunfermline Athletic in the Scottish Cup quarter-finals.
Plans to suspend hospital referrals and cut gluten-free prescriptions have been criticised by doctors.
Former CIA director David Petraeus has said he would serve under President-elect Donald Trump if asked.
"Buddhism has changed my life," says Hsiao Ching-chun.
A new outdoor garden has opened at the Noah's Ark Children's Hospital for Wales in Cardiff.
More than half of new mothers in Wales who breastfeed say they are unsure if they will continue to do so, a survey has found.
An Australian woman who travelled to Syria with her husband to fight with so-called Islamic State has pleaded guilty to terrorism charges.
The European Union is to create a single list of tax havens in the wake of the Panama Papers scandal.
Celtic defender Scott Ambrose has completed his move to Blackburn Rovers on a season-long loan.
Walkers have been warned about the dangers of attacking birds of prey on the Isle of Wight.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Monday, with Bank of America leading the way after it reported better-than-expected profits.
Sir Philip Green is to meet the pensions regulator to try to reach a deal over the future of the BHS pension scheme, the BBC understands.
Scotland second row Leone Nakarawa will leave Glasgow Warriors at the end of the Pro12 season.
New Zealand off-spinner Ish Sodhi has signed a new one-year contract with Derbyshire.
The number of women being diagnosed with breast cancer in Northern Ireland is expected to rise by two thirds in the next 20 years, according to new figures.
A group of former senior military commanders have written to Prime Minister David Cameron calling for the defence review to be reopened.
Scientists are planning to drill down to the deepest part of the earth.
People would rather be zapped than left alone with their thoughts for even a brief period of time, research suggests.
Two people have been re-arrested in connection with a dog attack on a 15-year-old girl.
A man has been stabbed and a pedestrian killed in separate incidents in south-east London.
Scientists in Taiwan have discovered how jumping spiders use their silk to control their movements.
Exeter Chiefs trio Tomas Horstmann, Alex Salvi and Tom Atkins have signed new contracts with the Premiership club.
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says he will have the support of new owner Francesco Becchetti when he takes charge of the League Two club.
As the new season gets under way, BBC Sport takes a look at some of the players who made their Premier League debuts.
The political crisis in Northern Ireland continues to dominate the front pages of the Belfast Telegraph and the News Letter.
Domino's Pizza Group, which owns the UK's biggest delivery chain, says lower food prices helped to boost profits last year.
Scunthorpe United have signed former Blackpool and Hibernian midfielder Ryan Osbourne on a one-month loan deal.
At least 19 foreign tourists have been killed in an attack on the Bardo museum in the Tunisian capital, Tunis.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) leader, Mike Murphy, has said his party is "not fit for purpose" in Northern Ireland.
At the African Union (AU) assembly in Addis Ababa, President Barack Obama stood on the stage in front of a packed auditorium.
Michael Farquhar has been released from hospital after being seriously injured in a crash at the North West 200 motorcycling event.
A rise in the number of children trespassing on railway tracks in Wales has been blamed on longer evenings and the summer holidays.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is receiving "professional help" for back pain and a sleep disorder.
A cessation of hostilities has come into effect in the Syrian city of Aleppo, the US and Russia say.
Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea will find out their Champions League last-32 opponents on Thursday.
A man has gone on trial accused of setting fire to a house while 11 people were inside, including four children.
A row has broken out in France over President Francois Hollande's proposal to strip convicted terrorists of their French citizenship.
The Green Party in England and Wales has pledged to scrap the tax on sanitary products if it wins the general election.
A cash machine has been blown up and a large amount of money stolen during an armed robbery in North Lanarkshire.
The Co-op has been ordered by the Competition and Markets Authority to change the way it offers no claims bonus protection.
South African prosecutors have begun an appeal against the acquittal of Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius of murder.
The Russian foreign minister has accused the US of trying to preserve a jihadist group in Syria as a "plan B" for changing the government of President Bashar al-Assad.
A giant inflatable slide has opened in a city centre street in Northern Ireland.
A high-profile Chinese documentary critical of the country's high levels of pollution has been removed from the popular Youku video site.
A man has been left badly shaken after he was threatened by a gang during a burglary at his home in Londonderry.
Jake Sheppard scored a late winner as Dagenham came from behind to beat Bromley in the National League.
More than 2,000 children were sexually exploited in England and Wales last year, a report says.
Edrington Distilleries has announced that Crawford Gillies is to succeed Jim Murray as the company's chairman.
(Close): The pound hit a fresh seven-year high against the euro on Tuesday after the Bank of England raised interest rates.
The Afghan Taliban have released the first audio message from their new leader, Mullah Akhtar Mansour.
Teenage wicketkeeper-batsman Luke Tongue produced a superb spell of bowling to help Worcestershire fight back against Glamorgan at New Road.
A lollipop lady was seriously injured when she was hit by a car which failed to stop at a red light, a court heard.
Midfielder Clint Dempsey has been ruled out of the World Cup in Russia because of a knee injury.
A charity fundraising page set up by a man who died during a triathlon has raised more than £12,000 since his body was found.
Barcelona have paid more than 13m euros (£13.5m) in back taxes on the transfer of Neymar.
The US has overtaken China as the world's biggest investor in clean energy, according to a new table.
A temporary footbridge is to be built in a North Yorkshire town to replace a damaged road bridge.
A non-league football team has returned to its home town for the first time in more than a decade.
A Dundee man has admitted illegally importing 50 stun guns that can be used as batons and stun guns.
The chief executive of Malaysian Airlines, Christoph Mueller, is to step down after more than two years in the job.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a man was found with serious head injuries in the early hours of the morning.
An Irish reality TV star has been compared to an elephant after he appeared on a TV show with a spray tan on his face.
Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, the front-runner in the race for the Republican presidential nomination, has been embroiled in a fresh controversy over his past.
Nigeria's former Fifa executive committee member Samson Adamu is being investigated by the sport's governing body.
Nigeria is home to some of the world's best-known artists, but many of them are struggling to make a living from their work.
The art of making maps of dark matter is in a golden age, according to scientists at the European Southern Observatory.
Nigeria's senate has approved a bill that would make it a criminal offence to post abusive messages on social media.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho should have apologised to club physiotherapist Eva Carneiro, says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke.
Nigeria's military has offered a reward for information leading to the capture of alleged leaders of the militant Islamist group Boko Haram.
A cat called George has found a new home in a supermarket!
Armed men from the Libyan Coast Guard have attacked a boat carrying migrants off the coast of Libya, a German aid group has said.
Tributes have been paid to a British soldier who was killed by a roadside bomb in Afghanistan.
UKIP and the Conservatives spent more on their European election campaign than the Lib Dems, Labour, the SNP and the Green Party combined.
Hull KR have appointed ex-St Helens and St Helens back-rower Joe Forster as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
At least six people have been killed in a car bomb attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
US President Donald Trump's plan to cut funding for the State Department and foreign aid is a "disaster", a senior Republican senator has said.
Do you think it's snowing in the Indian city of Bangalore?
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a pensioner was stabbed to death in Cardiff.
The 2015 World Para-athletics Championships medal has been unveiled on the front of the 2016 World Athletics Championships medal.
The number of shops selling so-called legal highs in England and Wales has more than halved since the ban came into effect in May, the Home Office has said.
Astronomers from around the world have been submitting their images for this year's Stargazers' Awards.
The New York Stock Exchange (Nasdaq) had a bit of a glitch on Monday night.
A man who filmed himself under the skirts of women at two public places has been jailed for 18 months.
An international effort is under way to phase out one of the world's most destructive greenhouse gases.
Mobile phone operator EE has tested internet drones that can be used to beam internet connectivity to remote parts of the UK.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says Saturday's win over France sets up a "massive" Six Nations match against England.
Prime Minister David Cameron has apologised to a London imam for suggesting he supports so-called Islamic State.
Planning permission has been granted for a wind farm on Skye.
Theresa May says she is "confident" she will win the backing of the Scottish and Welsh governments for her Brexit bill.
Ride-sharing service Uber is losing more than $1bn (Â£700m) a year in China, its chief executive has said.
Parents of children at a holiday camp accused of having indecent images of children will be given a refund, its co-founder has said.
Canelo Alvarez says he is ready to fight middleweight world champion Gennady Golovkin after his stunning victory over Britain's Amir Khan.
A man has been killed in a light aircraft crash at Strabane Airfield in County Tyrone.
Tributes have been paid to former England and Preston North End striker Tom Finney, who has died at the age of 91.
Crawley Town have signed Dutch striker Marvin Verheydt from Dutch top-flight side Maastricht for an undisclosed fee.
The head of Pakistan's paramilitary Rangers force has been named as the new head of the country's intelligence agency (ISI).
A baby died after his mother was turned away from a hospital and left in labour for six hours, an inquest has heard.
Proposals for ring-fencing the UK's banks "fall well short" of what is needed, a watchdog has said.
A 25-year-old man has died after being shot in the chest in Sheffield.
A second French tourist has died while snorkelling on an Australian reef.
An Australian team of scientists has found a protein in spider venom that could be used to treat brain damage after a stroke.
Plans for a joint training college for the fire and prison services in Northern Ireland have been revised, the BBC has learned.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being injured in a fall in Snowdonia.
At a small stadium in Guyana, a group of blind cricketers are practising their craft.
As part of BBC Radio Manchester's Tales of the 10 series, Andy Johnson, the father of terminally-ill seven-year-old Jack Johnson, explains why he set up a charity to help find a cure for his son's disease.
A woman jailed for stealing more than £300,000 from a Dumfries man has launched an appeal against her conviction.
US swimmer Ryan Lochte has lost his sponsorships from Speedo, Ralph Lauren, Syneron-Candela and Airweave.
Hampshire were relegated to Division Two of the County Championship after Durham beat them by seven wickets at Edgbaston.
Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka says the club are not in a rush to sign more players as they prepare for their return to the Premier League.
Belfast Harbour has announced plans for a new office development in the city centre.
Claire Gwynne, who has been paralysed from the chest down, is taking part in the London Marathon.
The US justice department has accused the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Office of failing to address "serious systemic deficiencies" in its jails.
A man from Sheffield has become the first person in the UK to have a cherry tree grow in his garden.
He's one of the biggest names in tennis, but Alexander Nalbandian has gone too far at the ATP World Tour Finals.
Team Sky principal Sir Dave Brailsford praised Luke Rowe's "incredible" effort in helping Chris Froome win the Tour de France.
Scientists in Argentina have discovered a 2,000-year-old piece of coal, which they say is the oldest fossil in the world.
New Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha will be able to put his own stamp on the team when he takes charge on Saturday, according to Hamilton boss Martin Canning.
England have recalled fast bowler Steven Finn for the third Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston on Wednesday.
A European Space Agency (Esa) demonstrator spacecraft has successfully re-entered the Earth's atmosphere.
The decision on the redevelopment of a Jersey high school has been put back by a month.
A court in Greece has found former Finance Minister Evangelos Papaconstantinou guilty of doctoring a leaked list of bank account holders.
A hospital refused to pay £1,500 for a blackout blind for a patient because it did not meet fire and infection control regulations, a doctor has claimed.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been sentenced to five years in prison for embezzlement.
A man has been found guilty of raping a pensioner in her south London home.
Couples eligible for NHS fertility treatment should be offered up to three cycles, a charity has said.
Hospitals across the UK are struggling to cope with rising demand and are missing the four-hour A&E target, a report has suggested.
Trams have run for the first time on Manchester city centre's new Second City Crossing.
US drugmaker Mylan has said it will launch a cheaper version of its EpiPen after criticism of its recent price rises.
Britain's Kell Brook will have surgery on the eye injury he suffered in Saturday's world title defeat by Gennady Golovkin.
The Cardiff Half Marathon is to go ahead as planned, the city council has announced.
Crystal Palace striker Yannick Bolasie is worth more than £5m, according to the club.
Fishermen from other countries will be allowed to fish in UK waters after Brexit, Michael Gove has said.
An Indian soldier who was caught in an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir last week is in a "comatose state", the army says.
The UK economy grew by 0.6% in the third quarter of the year, according to official figures.
The League One game between Wigan Athletic and Peterborough United has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
The owners of a Poundland store have said they hope to reopen "as soon as possible" after it was damaged in an explosion.
Police have released CCTV images of three men they want to trace in connection with the rape of a woman in Glasgow.
Humberside's chief constable has written to head teachers urging them to allow police officers to take leave during school holidays.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham have begun digging at a second site in Greece.
Ed Miliband has said he would not exclude himself from being prime minister by not talking to the SNP.
The Super Bowl may have been won by the New England Patriots, but American football has been just as much of a talking point.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his six-year-old granddaughter.
Jordan Williams scored twice as National League side Barrow came from behind to beat League Two Taunton in the first round of the FA Cup.
Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram has joined Australian Big Bash side Adelaide Strikers.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) would not welcome any proposal to transfer work or jobs from Newport, a union has said.
As Iraqi forces continue their offensive against so-called Islamic State (IS) in Mosul, the BBC's Yolande Knell has been speaking to Yazidi refugees in a refugee camp in northern Iraq.
Australia batsman Michael Clarke made his first century since the death of team-mate Phillip Hughes on the second day of the first Test against South Africa.
Bristol's main railway station has been temporarily closed to the disabled for the second time in a year.
Ukrainian postal service Ukrposhta has been hit by a cyber-attack, the company has confirmed.
Actor John McCowen, best known for his role as James Bond's Q in 1983's Never Say Never Again, has died at the age of 91.
Francesco Totti has signed a new two-year contract with Roma.
Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as South Africa beat England by eight wickets in the third one-day international to level the series.
The Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce has said that the renegotiation of the UK's EU deal will have little impact on day-to-day business.
A double-decker bus has burst into flames and exploded in Bishopsgate in central London.
Morrisons has raised the price of Marmite for the first time this year.
Glasgow School of Art has opened a new building on the opposite side of Renfrew Street to its iconic Mackintosh building.
The leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) Owen Smith has called on the European Union to "not let Scotland down".
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has retired from Test cricket.
Gusts of up to 70mph (113km/h) have been battering parts of Scotland in high winds and heavy rain.
The European Commission has announced an aid package for Northern Ireland's farming industry.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha praised his side after they were held to a goalless draw by Hearts.
The first Japanese otter to be reintroduced into the wild in the world will make a rare visit to Skye later.
When I arrived in Bangkok last month, I had no idea what I was in for.
A UKIP election candidate has apologised after appearing to question the cost of treating foreigners with HIV on the NHS.
Barcelona defender Dani Alves will leave the club at the end of the season.
US rocket company SpaceX has carried out what it calls a "stress test" on its Falcon rocket.
UK detectives investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand have completed their work, the Met Police has said.
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra scored a century as his side drew with Hampshire at Edgbaston.
UKIP's assembly group leader has said he will not stand as a candidate unless he is recorded as "living in Wales".
There's a war of words going on in the House of Commons.
Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe is to leave the team at the end of the season, BBC Sport understands.
A prison has been placed in special measures after a knife was found in the hands of a prisoner, a union has said.
A 91-year-old motorcyclist has died in a crash while attempting to set a new national record.
The brother of a British holidaymaker whose body was found on a Thai island has said his family are "devastated" by his death.
Women's Premier League side Arsenal Ladies have announced they are changing their name to 'Arsenal Women'.
The death of a man whose body was found in Surrey is not being treated as suspicious, police have said.
A British teacher who died of carbon monoxide poisoning while on holiday in China died as a result of an accident, an inquest has heard.
Labour MPs have defied the party's leadership by abstaining from a vote on the government's new budget rules.
The founder of the UK's oldest carnival has said he is "sad and upset" that the event will not be held in the city centre this year.
Bournemouth striker Callum Wilson says he is "feeling like a football player again" after making his first appearance of the season.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in the US and charged with terrorism offences.
Brighton & Hove Albion came from behind to beat Ipswich Town and go top of the Championship.
A cash machine has been stolen in a ram-raid on a shop in Northamptonshire.
The sister of a missing junior doctor whose body was found in the sea has said her colleagues are "missing her hard work, friendliness and approachability".
A record number of skiers and snowboarders have visited Scotland's ski areas this winter, according to Ski Scotland.
The son of Jean McConville, who was murdered by the IRA, has said Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams told him to be ready for a "backlash" if police named her killers.
Have you ever wondered what would happen if you moved in with a giant dinosaur?
A mother and her partner have appeared in court charged with the murder of her baby son.
DUP minister Edwin Poots has said he does not like doing business with Sinn Féin because of the party's association with the IRA.
A man has gone on trial accused of kidnapping and murdering a 15-year-old girl.
Wigan Warriors prop Lewis Tierney has signed a new three-year contract with the Super League club.
Thousands of people have attended the Twelfth of July parade in Rossnowlagh, County Donegal.
Political parties in Wales have been publishing their manifestos for the general election.
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says it has been "very difficult" to sign the players he has wanted this summer.
Blackpool missed the chance to go top of League Two as they were held to a draw by 10-man Colchester.
China is "committing to do something about" overcapacity in the steel industry, Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said.
The funeral of a Durham police officer has taken place at Durham Cathedral.
The number of people in Wales with super-fast internet connections has increased, according to a report from telecoms regulator Ofcom.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Speciality Steels division in South Yorkshire.
People are being invited to give their views on a proposed travellers' site in Powys.
Work to repair a church spire damaged by woodpeckers has been given the go-ahead.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called the phone number of rival Senator Lindsey Graham.
President Barack Obama has hailed the opening of the US healthcare exchanges, saying it will "free millions of our fellow Americans from that fear".
A security alert in Londonderry has ended after it was declared a hoax.
The US government is proposing new rules on the use of electronic devices while driving.
A Northern Ireland delegation is due to arrive in Colombia later to discuss the peace process between the Colombian government and Farc rebels.
A man has been taken to hospital after becoming stuck on a fence in Coventry.
Yorkshire opener Adam Lyth hit his first Championship century of the season to help his side close in on victory against Surrey at The Oval.
A driver who crashed his car into a house in West Sussex, forcing it to be evacuated, has been banned from driving for two years.
Ken Morley has apologised for his behaviour on Channel 5's Celebrity Big Brother.
Irish Water has said a temporary fix has been put in place to a water main which has been causing major disruption to thousands of customers.
A woman has been threatened with a knife during an armed robbery at a shop in Londonderry.
SDLP MLA Colum Eastwood is to challenge Alasdair McDonnell for the leadership of the party.
A Dumfries and Galloway town that has twice been named Scotland's "worst town" has won this year's Carbuncle award.
Three men have been arrested after police seized a "substantial" quantity of cannabis with an estimated street value of £100,000 in the Isle of Man.
Welsh Labour needs to be "hugely ambitious" if it is to be the "natural party of Wales", a former minister has said.
Britain's Charley Hull has the potential to become a top-10 golfer in the world, according to Europe's all-time leading scorer Annika Sorenstam.
The founders of a lost luggage tracker have said they are "devastated" after a £1m investment offer on BBC Scotland's Dragons' Den fell through.
Bangladesh has restored power supplies to most of the country after a major blackout on Saturday.
Culture Minister Carál Ní Chuilín has ordered a full audit of Sport NI.
The NHS in England is changing the way it pays for innovative cancer drugs.
A publican has been jailed for eight years for attacking a gay man with a steak knife in a pub.
The families of three London schoolgirls thought to have travelled to Syria have become "distraught" after learning they have been married, their lawyer has said.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been banned for four games after being sent off during Sunday's 1-1 draw with Burnley.
A pair of 17th Century cups and saucers have been stolen in a burglary at a stately home.
The owners of a private hospital at the centre of a child abuse scandal failed to act on concerns raised by patients, a report has found.
Glamorgan batsman Ben Wright has left the club by mutual consent.
Raffaele Sollecito, the Italian man convicted of murdering British student Amanda Kercher in 2007, has had his conviction overturned by Italy's Supreme Court.
Former Masters champion Nick Faldo says he is "in shock" after Jordan Spieth blew a five-shot lead to lose the Masters.
Botswana's world 400m hurdles champion has accused athletics' governing body of "something fishy" after he was barred from the World Championships because of a norovirus outbreak.
Middlesbrough recorded their first home win of the season as goals from Gaston Ramirez and Stewart Downing saw off 10-man Bournemouth.
As the centenary of the Ulster Covenant approaches, former first minister Ian Paisley talks to the BBC about his views on the future of the union.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Birmingham City midfielder Scott Brown on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Four people have been arrested in Belgium on suspicion of planning terrorist attacks in the capital, Brussels, officials say.
Theresa May has been heckled as she met survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire at a church in west London.
Leigh Centurions are set to sign Salford Red Devils half-back Ryan Chase on a free transfer.
The direct air service between Dundee and London Stansted will continue for another two years.
Shares in Anglo American have fallen 12.3% after the mining giant announced plans to cut more than half of its workforce.
The team of French cyclist Christian Demoitie, who died after being hit by a motorbike during a race on Sunday, has said he was not going too fast.
Ulster and Ireland scrum-half Stuart McCloskey has signed a new three-year contract with the province.
The US space agency (Nasa) has launched a mission to an asteroid called Bennu.
A Japanese woman has been ordered to return her three-year-old son to his father in Japan in breach of his custody rights.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a car crashed off a promenade.
At least six bodies have been found in a mass grave in the north-eastern Kenyan town of Mombasa, police say.
The president of Vanuatu has declared a national day of national mourning after a powerful cyclone hit the Pacific nation on Friday.
The number of Syrian refugees arriving in the UK is "gathering traction", Immigration Minister David Harrington has said.
The criminal courts charge has "grave misgivings" about its operation and is not compatible with the principles of justice, MPs say.
Asda has been criticised for failing to fix security flaws on its website that could have allowed hackers to access customers' credit and debit card details.
A man who was once a drug cartel pilot has been jailed for trying to kill a homeless man with an axe.
Mexico stunned Brazil to win Olympic football gold for the first time with a 2-0 extra-time victory at Rio 2016.
The round £1 coin is set to be replaced by a 12-sided version, the Royal Mint has announced.
Andy Murray's former coach Ivan Lendl says he has had "a lot of enquiries" about returning to the sport.
A woman has told the trial of a man accused of raping her in Edinburgh that it was a "struggle for life" when she was attacked.
Sam Allardyce has been appointed Sunderland manager on a two-year contract.
As Ben Llewellin prepares to compete at the European Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan, his father David says he has high hopes for the 22-year-old's future.
Human rights lawyer Amal Clooney has urged the United Nations not to let Islamic State (IS) "get away with genocide" in Iraq.
A troubled academy school in south-west London is to be merged with another in a bid to save money.
Police in Germany have charged seven men in connection with an arson attack on a Polish man at a Berlin underground station on Christmas Day.
David Cameron has said ministers will be allowed to campaign with their " conscience" in the EU referendum.
A US appeals court has overturned the murder conviction of Brendan Dassey, whose case was featured in the Netflix documentary series Making a Murderer.
A crowd-funding campaign to pay a hacking group for access to security flaws has been abandoned.
Aston Villa have signed Bristol City striker Jonathan Kodjia for a fee that could rise to £10m.
There has been a "lack of political will" to show that some academy chains are not doing well, a think tank has said.
Eleven missing episodes of Doctor Who have been found in Nigeria, including one of the show's most famous stories, The Web of Fear.
Shares in logistics group Menzies have fallen more than 7% after it said it was "disappointed" by problems at London Gatwick Airport.
Russia has criticised Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson for cancelling a visit to Moscow.
A police force has posted a poster on its Facebook page urging parents not to use the threat of the police to punish their children.
Police in Scotland are investigating an allegation of historical child sex abuse against the former Labour peer Lord Janner.
Lincoln Ladies have confirmed they will merge with Notts County Ladies and play in the Women's Super League.
Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers has said street protests over the union flag are damaging the country's image around the world.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire.
Jess Glynne and her fiance have said they will not get married until same-sex marriage is legal in Australia.
England wrapped up a 3-0 series whitewash over world champions New Zealand with a convincing win at Twickenham.
A drug used by osteoporosis patients could be used to extend the life of hip and knee replacements, a study suggests.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to at least 30 years in prison for murdering six of her children.
A head teacher has warned that the "Trojan Horse" of extremism in schools in England is "still there".
Matty Taylor scored twice in the final 10 minutes as Bristol Rovers came from two goals down to draw at MK Dons.
A field trial of a genetically modified (GM) rice crop in the Philippines has been vandalised.
Aston Villa midfielder Fabian Delph has joined Manchester City on a season-long loan.
A hospital where a patient died and another was left sitting on a bedpan for hours has been told to improve its A&E services by the Care Quality Commission.
Education Secretary John Swinney is to give a statement on the findings of a review into the death of schoolboy Bailey Gwynne.
From the age of 15 to 20, Paul Ryan was taking drugs every single day.
The University of Nottingham has become the first in the UK to offer a degree in Urdu.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family are involved in the smuggling of oil from so-called Islamic State (IS), Russia says.
Fans at the Download music festival have been asked to pose for selfies with armed police officers.
The UK will not start formal negotiations to leave the EU until October or November, the former president of the European Council has said.
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has forecast that its operating profit for the third quarter of the year will miss forecasts.
Police in China have arrested two distillers accused of using Viagra to adulterate alcohol.
Thousands of tonnes of rubbish has been cleared from a council's bins following a three-week strike.
A cyber attack on TalkTalk's website in October was "much more limited" than initially thought, the firm has said.
Ireland's Shane Lowry is one shot off the lead after carding a six-under-par 66 in the third round of the US Open.
A student-built electric car has set a new world speed record in Switzerland.
A Royal Marine accused of sexually assaulting a woman in Uganda has told a court martial it was "fairly animal".
Scarlets director of rugby Mark McCall says he would be "devastated" if one of his players did what James Skelton did to James Davies.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has made a big discovery.
Thousands of people have turned out for this year's Ice sculptures festival in the Czech Republic.
Ghanaian duo The Busy Twist have released a new dance track called 'Dance, Dance, Dance' which they say has captured the spirit of the country.
Tens of thousands of football fans faced long queues to get into a FA Cup match on Wednesday night.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after the US economy added fewer jobs than expected in July.
England batsman Kevin Pietersen has been dropped from the squad for the final Test against South Africa at Lord's.
Scientists say they have identified the 93 genes that cause breast cancer.
Scientists have identified a link between genetic and environmental risk factors for chronic pain.
Chelsea have won their second Premier League title in a row.
Staff at London Metropolitan University have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over job losses.
Kilmarnock eased to a comfortable win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Glamorgan were made to toil by Kent in the first one-day international of the season in Cardiff.
A 19-year-old man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of an 11-year old boy and his aunt in a car chase by police.
The parents of a teenage girl who died in a boating accident have launched a safety campaign.
Aston Villa have activated the release clause in midfielder Idrissa Gueye's contract.
The shortlist for the 2017 African Footballer of the Year awards has been announced.
A major road in Bath has reopened after being closed following a crash involving a lorry and a car.
Olympic silver medallist Andrew Pollock has finished in the top 10 at the Cardiff Half Marathon.
The leader of Bahrain's main opposition group, al-Wefaq, has urged the government to work with reformists within the royal family.
Two high schools in the US state of Virginia have been closed after complaints about a geography lesson about the Middle East.
The family of Dutch football legend Johan Cruyff have thanked fans for the "love, kind words and memories" they have received since his death.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova reached the Aegon Classic semi-finals with a 6-4 7-5 win over American Coco Vandeweghe.
A group of loyalists in Londonderry has unveiled a new flag to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Northern Ireland's Kris Meeke has won his third World Rally Championship (WRC) title after surviving a last-gasp crash in Argentina.
Police in Beijing have launched an investigation after a Baidu executive was filmed apparently driving a self-driving car.
Brian Matthew, who has died at the age of 88, was one of the BBC's longest-serving radio presenters.
Sale Sharks' Sam Charnley says he is looking forward to playing "free-flowing" rugby union after his switch from rugby league.
The Israeli police have appointed an Arab officer in a bid to improve policing in the country's Arab communities.
Theresa May is attempting to change the voting habits of traditional Labour supporters in the North-East, but in her home town of Consett, few young people recognise her and those that did regarded her as a distant historical figure.
Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias has suffered a fracture in his hand after slicing it open during a concert in Mexico.
There is "real scope" for cannabis to be decriminalised in Northern Ireland, a former police chief has said.
Ireland's Johnny Sexton will start for the Lions against the Maori All Blacks on Saturday.
Deaf people in Wales are being discriminated against at work because they do not declare they are deaf, a charity has said.
A man has been shot dead outside a barber's shop in Liverpool.
The United Nations (UN) has been criticised for naming Wonder Woman as its first female honorary secretary general.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has been told there is "no basis for a finding of negligence" in a case brought by a former Royal Marine left paralysed after a diving accident.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he has "great confidence" in US President-elect Donald Trump after their first meeting.
It has been an eventful start to the 2016 European Championship in France.
An appeal has been launched against the jailing of a transgender woman at an all-male prison.
A man and his dog had to be rescued from a lake after three people tried to smash the window of their car.
It's 30 years since the BBC Micro Computer was first released in the UK.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Southend United striker Jordan Pigott on loan until the end of the season.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child writer Jack Thorne is among the writers on a TV adaptation of Philip K Dick's sci-fi novel Electric Dreams.
A girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot in a "domestic-related incident" in Northamptonshire.
A 95-year-old man who phoned a BBC radio show to talk about his wife's dementia was taken to the studio by listeners.
Plans to temporarily close a hospital's maternity unit in Oxfordshire have been described as "terrifying" by an MP.
A new vein of Blue John, one of the world's most valuable gemstones, has been discovered.
Indian sprinter Gurpreet Singh has accused the country's anti-doping agency of tampering with his sample.
The number of tablet computers in schools in England has more than doubled in the past two years, according to a new study.
Students at Queen's University, Belfast (QUB) have begun occupying a building in a protest against the university's investments in fossil fuels.
Guingamp have signed former Derby County player Yaya Camara on a one-year deal.
Singer-songwriter Eska has won this year's Mercury Prize for his debut album Architect.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in South Africa on suspicion of murdering a man in a suspected love triangle.
The Polish government has backed calls for former Prime Minister Donald Tusk to be prosecuted over the 2010 plane crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski.
Relegation from the Premier League left Cardiff City with debts of more than £200m.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Brighton.
Women who worked in Sheffield's steel industry during World War Two are to be honoured with a statue.
Hartlepool United's Andrew Nelson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Scotland's beaches have been named the best in the world by the World Health Organization.
Ireland overcame the loss of Jonathan Sexton, Paul O'Connell and Peter O'Mahony to beat France and reach the quarter-finals of the Six Nations.
A drug dealer has been found guilty of murdering a two-year-old boy in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Mauritius Prime Minister Mahama Jugnauth has announced he will step down on Monday.
Surgeons in Sweden have carried out the world's first tissue-engineered windpipe transplant.
Nigeria international Asisat Oshaniwa says his move to Hearts is a "big step" in his career.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of this year's US Open because of "ongoing family situation".
Tributes have been paid to a footballer who was found dead at a hotel in Liverpool.
People travelling on a bus in London are being encouraged to sing along to a piece of art which has been installed on the vehicle.
Marko Arnautovic scored twice as Stoke beat Aston Villa to move out of the relegation zone.
You have been telling us how you use WhatsApp every day.
It's been another year of extreme weather in the UK.
Cambridge United secured their place in the fifth round of the FA Cup with a hard-fought victory over Manchester United.
France has called on the Syrian government and its allies to stop their bombardment of Kurdish fighters in northern Syria.
A man has been taken to hospital after a fire at a flat in Dundee.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead outside a meat market.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley believes his side are suffering from a "hangover" from their FA Cup semi-final defeat.
The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has lifted closures on 30 shellfish beds in Cornwall and Devon.
The EU has called on Russia to stop "provocative" border moves near an oil pipeline in Azerbaijan.
Pupils at a school in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis have told the BBC of their reaction to the attacks on Charlie Hebdo.
The European Union's Ebola mission has moved its headquarters from Ghana to the capital, Accra.
Rescuers in Nepal have freed a boy from the rubble of a building in the capital, Kathmandu, where more than 6,000 people were killed in Saturday's earthquake.
Shares in health care companies rose after the US Supreme Court ruled that a key part of the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, could go ahead.
The BBC will broadcast live commentary of Bridlington Town's FA Cup first-round tie against South Shields at Wembley.
As I stood on the pitch at Paris St-Germain's Parc des Princes on Saturday, I was given a thumbs up by one of the world's best players.
Venezuela's opposition-held National Assembly has voted to accept the resignation of three suspended legislators.
Six people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry was found in Bedfordshire.
Children who read often at the age of 10 are more likely to do well in maths, spelling and vocabulary, research suggests.
St Mirren's Ross Goodwin has been charged with violent conduct by the Scottish Football Association.
For more than 2,000 years the Church of England has had exclusively male leaders.
The co-founder of Greggs bakery was a "veneer of respectability" who was an "abuser of children", a court heard.
The Northern Ireland-based building materials firm Northstone has reported a fall in full-year profits.
The deadly attack on the Westgate shopping centre in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, has prompted a rethink about security in the country.
The US has begun training Syrian rebels to fight the so-called Islamic State.
France is heading into uncharted waters after the first round of the presidential election.
The funeral of a DJ who went missing more than a year ago has taken place.
Relatives of Adam Lanza, the 19-year-old who killed 26 people at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut, have spoken of his shy and withdrawn nature.
Ireland's women ended their World League 2 campaign with a 3-0 win over Great Britain in Belfast.
A health trust has admitted failing to provide safe care and treatment after a patient fell from a mental health unit roof.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of firearms offences in Luton.
The chancellor, George Osborne, has told me that the UK economy is in a "goldilocks situation" where it is not too hot, not too cold and not too wet.
UKIP has been accused of "scaremongering" over its stance on immigration.
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer 6-4 6-3 to win the Brisbane International.
Morecambe's League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they lost 3-1 at home to Mansfield.
A man has been seriously injured in a "vicious attack" by two masked men at his home in Kilmarnock.
Former Rangers midfielder Barry Ferguson says Andy Halliday outshone Scott Brown in the key moments of the club's season.
Newport County chairman David Foxall has defended the club's decision to sack manager Graham Westley.
The parents of a woman murdered in Mauritius have written to the island's authorities to say they are unable to attend her funeral.
Most people in England will not be able to name their local councillors when they go to the polls in May, research suggests.
The BBC's decision not to renew Jeremy Clarkson's contract as host of Top Gear has been met with a mixed reaction on social media.
A teacher at a school at the centre of the Trojan Horse affair has been banned from the profession for five years.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed former Wales defender David Davies on a one-year deal.
Exercise can improve memory and protect the brain from normal decline caused by ageing, a study suggests.
A coroner has said there was a "gross systemic failure" in the care given to a man who took his own life at a County Antrim hospital.
A gap year student stranded in Nepal after the earthquake received "no help whatsoever" from the UK embassy, her mother has said.
Andy Murray will face Naomi Broady in the first round of Wimbledon, while Dan Evans will face Jan Lennard Struff.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union has been hailed as a "victory for freedom" by far-right politicians across Europe.
A lorry driver and two accomplices have been jailed for trying to smuggle 20 people into the UK.
Prince Harry has performed the Haka during a visit to New Zealand.
Retailers need to change the way they promote healthy food and drink to help tackle rising obesity levels in Scotland, experts have said.
Partick Thistle have launched an investigation into allegations of sexual abuse made against a former employee in the 1990s.
Residents of a traveller site in Essex say they have had their fence ripped out and shrubbery damaged so lorries could get through.
Chinese billionaire Li-Ka Shing has confirmed he is in exclusive talks to buy O2 from Spain's Telefonica.
Wales coach Robin McBryde says Saturday's Pro12 double-header against the Ospreys and Scarlets could decide who is selected for the British and Irish Lions tour.
Scientists in Switzerland have developed a robot that can carry out complex tasks, such as carrying out surgery.
Two men have been jailed for their part in a multi-million pound advertising fraud.
A fund has been set up to help Syrian refugees settle in to their new lives in Scotland.
With the new year just around the corner, many business leaders will be looking forward to 2016.
Cornish Pirates back-row pair Alex Cheesman and Michael Morgan have signed new contracts with the club.
Thousands of people have taken part in a march calling for the future of services at Stafford Hospital.
A Flintshire man has shared a picture of himself with a colostomy bag after having surgery to treat a serious bowel condition.
US President Donald Trump is not a man to mince his words.
Councils in the East Midlands have asked the government for permission to build a new tram line from Derby to Nottingham.
Newport RFC shareholders have voted on whether to accept a £3.75m takeover by the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU).
Hundreds of people have taken part in the Beltane Fire Festival in Dumfries and Galloway.
The first homes to be built for soldiers moving to a new base in Staffordshire have been unveiled.
Tesla's Autopilot feature was not to blame for the death of a 19-year-old Californian in May, a US safety watchdog has said.
Ugandan Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi's official website has been taken over by hackers.
A man has been found guilty of bringing offensive weapons into Northern Ireland after being stopped by police in Portadown.
Sri Lanka fast bowler Rangana Herath has announced his retirement from international cricket.
A 70-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in central London.
Saudi Arabia has said it will retaliate against the US over its decision to allow 9/11 victims' families to sue the kingdom.
A drilling rig which ran aground in the Western Isles is to be taken to Malta for repairs.
Six people have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of murdering a Christian couple who were accused of insulting Islam.
The UN has announced the names of 10 ministers it wants to form a unity government in Libya.
Christmas can be a stressful time for many of us.
A former American football star who was serving a life sentence for killing his former cellmate has taken his own life in prison.
The number of police shootings in England and Wales has risen by more than a third in a year, new figures show.
The sport's world governing body, the IAAF, is to end its sponsorship deal with German sportswear giant Adidas at the end of 2016.
Ireland were held to a draw by the Netherlands in their Intercontinental Cup game in Dublin.
A man armed with a machete has stormed the home of Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto, wounding a police officer, police say.
Scientists in the US have been using a robot to look for life in the deepest part of the ocean.
A judge in the US has ordered genetic tests on six people who claim to be relatives of Prince.
A prominent Scottish independence campaigner has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment.
West Ham chairman David Sullivan and chief executive David Gold have rejected an offer from Monster Beverage for the club.
Alphabet, the parent company of Google, has reported better-than-expected revenue for the first three months of the year.
The new owners of a Dumfries engineering firm which went into administration last year have said they are on track to double the number of staff.
A woman accused of defrauding an 86-year-old woman out of more than £1m has told a court she is a "woman of faith".
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bus in Denbighshire.
Google Home, its smart speaker, will be available in the UK from 6 April.
A mother who was due to be deported to Nigeria with her two young daughters has been given an overnight reprieve.
A UKIP councillor in Northern Ireland has been expelled from the party.
An Irish man has been shot dead in Spain while on holiday with his children.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed its giant panda Tian Tian is pregnant.
Wigan's League One survival hopes suffered a major blow as they were beaten at home by Ipswich.
Wigan's Ben Flower has been banned for eight games for punching St Helens' Lance Hohaia.
Hungary says it will offer buses to thousands of migrants who have been stranded in the capital, Budapest.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes says Chelsea midfielder Victor Moses could return to the Premier League club this season.
Ten-man Millwall missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were beaten by Coventry.
A row has broken out between the Scottish government and the Conservatives over education spending.
A man jailed for four-and-a-half years for possessing and distributing child abuse footage has had his conviction quashed on appeal.
The centenary of the Battle of the Somme has been marked with events in the Republic of Ireland and in France.
The Indiana Pacers will host the Denver Nuggets in a pre-season game at London's O2 Arena.
James Hennessy was a plasterer from Ellesmere Port, who travelled by car with friends, who all survived.
Grimsby ended a run of three straight defeats as they beat 10-man Mansfield, who had manager Gary Evans sent off.
Somalia's militant Islamist group, al-Shabab, has reacted angrily to President Mohamed Farmajo's amnesty for its fighters.
The construction firm JCB has ended its membership of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI).
More than 1,000 foreign domestic workers in Hong Kong have staged a protest calling for better safety conditions.
Eoin Morgan's brilliant century helped England to a nine-wicket win over Australia in the third one-day international to level the series at 2-2.
Millwall and Walsall played out a goalless draw at The Den.
Liverpool have appointed former England Under-19 boss Sean O'Driscoll as their new first-team coach.
President Donald Trump has signed an executive order banning people from seven mainly Muslim countries from entering the United States.
The 2011 riots in England and Wales could have been avoided if police had been deployed more quickly, MPs have said.
Marketing on social media has come a long way since the early days of Facebook and Twitter.
The UK is set to vote on whether or not it should stay in or leave the European Union.
The wife of a convicted drug dealer has been jailed for trying to hide more than £300,000 in their garden.
In the 19th Century, Japanese knotweed was introduced into the UK as an ornamental plant.
Rents for beach huts in Dorset are set to rise by more than 10% over the next five years, according to the association that runs them.
A huge oil barge that broke away from its moorings and drifted towards a BP platform in the North Sea has run aground.
For many people, the sight of an empty Easter egg is a source of great joy.
Plans to introduce a late-night levy in Liverpool have been rejected by the city council.
US President Barack Obama has apologised to the head of Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) for the bombing of its hospital in Afghanistan in October.
Johanna Shuker has become the first woman to win the British Open mixed doubles title.
The Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded to Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos for his efforts to end the country's 50-year armed conflict.
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers in Super League for the second time this season.
Hibernian moved back to the top of the Scottish Championship with victory over St Mirren.
Nottingham Forest have re-signed defender Danny Wilson on a one-year deal.
Sarlan is one of thousands of Burmese Tamils living in India who fled their homeland after a military coup in 1962.
Children who grow up with highly-conflicted parents are more likely to have mental and physical health problems, a report says.
The Scottish government has said lessons must be learned from the cancellation of a UK government competition to develop carbon capture and storage technology.
The European Space Agency (GSA) has launched its Galileo satellite navigation system.
The sister of a schoolgirl whose body was found in a canal 20 years ago has appealed for information to help catch her killer.
Facebook has removed a post which appeared to list the names and photographs of eight people in west Belfast.
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says he would be "disappointed" if chairman Paul Scally sacked him this season.
Gareth Bale says it will be "hard" for Wales to qualify for Euro 2016 after his late winner against Cyprus.
The Prime Minister, David Cameron, has been visiting a school in south-east London where children are learning a new language.
Antibiotic resistance is the biggest threat to patients with sepsis in the UK, a leading expert has warned.
Work to build a cycle track on a nature reserve has been halted until a judicial review can take place.
Plans for a new £33m hospital in Somerset have been given the go-ahead by the coalition government.
David Cameron has been urged to "rediscover Britain's global vocation" by a group of Commonwealth leaders in an open letter to the prime minister.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has "not shown any ability to be part of a team", shadow business secretary Yvette Cooper has said.
The line-up for this year's Glastonbury Festival has been announced.
A spectacular rainbow and lenticular clouds have been spotted over the north east of Scotland.
Former Watford and England manager Graham Taylor is to be honoured with a statue and a pre-season fixture.
Cornish Pirates head coach Gareth Davies says his side's "ill-discipline" cost them in their 24-21 defeat by Exeter.
Omar Bogle and John Akinde both scored twice as Grimsby came from behind to draw with 10-man Barnet.
Sunderland striker Nacho Scocco has returned to Argentine side Newell's Old Boys on a season-long loan.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union, but what does this mean for the rest of Europe?
India's first metro rail service has been launched in the southern city of Chennai.
An investigation has been launched after a number of fuel pods were dumped in south Armagh.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes has been recalled to the Twenty20 squad for the first time since June.
Ireland were beaten by eight wickets in their opening Twenty20 international against Afghanistan on Wednesday.
The US astronaut who's been living on the International Space Station for more than a year is about to break a record for the longest single space shot.
A red kite has been shot dead in North Yorkshire, the sixth such incident in the past two months.
A man known as " PlutoPete" and a man who worked with him have been jailed for drugs offences.
Brian O'Driscoll and Johnny Sexton return to the Ireland team for Sunday's Test against world champions New Zealand in Dublin.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, following a strong lead from other European markets, following news of a Greek debt deal.
Margaret Thatcher was one of the longest-serving prime ministers in British history.
Russia's decision to send surface-to-air missiles to Syria is "ill-timed and very unfortunate", a top US military commander has said.
Banksy has denied claims his controversial new exhibition in Weston-super-Mare is a hoax.
Ed Miliband has resigned as leader of the Labour Party after the party lost its majority in the general election.
Five cats have died after eating antifreeze, the RSPCA has said.
Exeter and Saracens have expressed concern about the legal action brought against the Premiership club by ex-South Africa captain George Willis.
Retailers in Singapore have been told to stop buying products from Indonesian firms accused of contributing to a haze caused by forest fires.
Venezuela's Vice-President Nicolas Maduro has made his first public appearance since President Hugo Chavez was diagnosed with cancer.
The US Supreme Court has said it will take up a gay marriage case for the first time.
England's World Cup confidence has risen in the past two weeks, according to a new study.
Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith has been chosen as the party's candidate for London mayor.
A widow has said she was left "speechless" after thieves broke into her home while she was at her husband's funeral.
David Mullins rode Rule The World to victory in the Grand National at Aintree.
The head teacher of a primary school has been suspended after failing to take his children on term-time holidays.
The father of Henry Surtees has called on Lewis Hamilton to rethink his opposition to the 'halo' head protection system on Formula 1 cars.
Archaeologists, geoscientists and maritime experts are to work together on a new project to assess the impact of climate change on Welsh islands.
We want to hear what you think about BBC programmes and websites.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed Paul Dunn as first-team coach until the end of the season.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest awards in the world of music.
Pernod Ricard, the maker of Jameson's and Chivas Regal, has reported a fall in sales of its Scotch whisky.
News Corp, the owner of The Wall Street Journal, has reported a loss for the first three months of the year.
China's state-run newspapers have gone on the offensive in the wake of the United Nations' decision to reject China's territorial claims in the South China Sea.
There were "lost opportunities" to give a premature baby earlier medical care before his death, a coroner has said.
A BBC Radio Derby appeal to raise money for a Derbyshire man diagnosed with skin cancer has raised more than £70,000.
A football fan who conned two people out of £1,000 for tickets to the World Cup has been ordered to pay back the money.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a boy was found at a house in south-east London.
A student who hung himself from the Cenotaph during the London riots did not know what it looked like, a court has heard.
A man who tried to behead a dentist in a Tesco store has been jailed for life.
At least 36 people have been killed and more than 100 wounded in a series of bomb attacks in Iraq, officials say.
Austria is to impose daily quotas for the number of asylum seekers it takes in, as it tries to control the influx of migrants.
David Beckham's bid to set up his own Major League Soccer team in Miami has been given the go-ahead by the league's commissioner.
Tippi Hedren has spoken out for the first time about claims she was sexually harassed by Alfred Hitchcock in the 1960s.
Doctors in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) say they are treating an obese Egyptian woman who was discharged from an Indian hospital last week.
A video showing the Queen and her mother giving a Nazi salute has been released by a newspaper.
Lewis Hamilton says he is inspired by boxing legend Muhammad Ali as he attempts to beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in the Formula 1 world championship.
Last winter's floods were "the most extreme on record", according to a new review.
Voters in one of the UK's most ethnically diverse council areas are going to the polls on Thursday.
World number one Novak Djokovic was beaten in five sets by Stan Wawrinka in the French Open final.
Durham were bowled out for just 156 on day one of their County Championship match against Yorkshire at Scarborough.
Swansea City midfielder Neil Taylor is likely to miss the rest of the season after breaking his ankle in Saturday's 2-2 draw with Sunderland.
I have learned that a Home Office-commissioned panel set up to advise the government on the ban on so-called "legal highs" was split over whether low-harm products should be excluded.
Morocco's Football Association (FMRFF) has banned fans from attending matches after clashes between rival supporters following a match on Saturday.
Every year on Heroes' Day, thousands of people gather in Zimbabwe's capital, Harare, to watch President Robert Mugabe address the nation.
Rangers' former Accrington Stanley forward Josh Windass is targeting more goals after scoring his first for the Ibrox side.
A New Zealand-based private rocket company has successfully launched its first vehicle into space.
The amount of overtime being paid to NHS consultants in Scotland has increased by more than a third in the last three years, the BBC has learned.
A new exercise could help reduce the risk of children getting hurt when playing rugby.
At least six people have been killed in an eruption of Indonesia's Mount Sinabung, officials say.
It has been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared by Uefa after failing a drugs test.
The general election will take place on 8 June, with all 650 seats up for grabs.
There should be no stigma attached to children having basic rights to food, Scotland's children's commissioner has said.
The family of a schoolgirl who took her own life have said she was "failed by the system".
Drivers caught speeding in England and Wales could have to pay up to £100 more to attend a course, under plans being considered by a police panel.
Cadets at the US military academy at West Point have been injured in an annual pillow fight, it has emerged.
Brazilians are used to hearing about the rights of women, minorities and the poor.
The original Batmobile, used in the 1960s TV series Batman, has sold at auction in the US for $1.5m (roughly £1.1m).
Home Secretary Theresa May has unveiled new measures to make it harder for illegal immigrants to stay in the UK.
On the eve of the first round of the French presidential election, thousands of people gathered on the streets of Paris to listen to a speech by one of the country's most controversial politicians.
World champion Mark Selby eased into the second round of the World Championship with a 10-1 victory over John O'Brien.
The funeral of a Barnsley football club legend has taken place.
The UK's largest energy supplier is to pay £1.6m in compensation to customers who experienced "unacceptable levels of service".
Nico Rosberg held off Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Chinese Grand Prix and extend his lead at the top of the World Championship.
A man has denied killing a man whose body was found on a beach in Windermere.
Mario Balotelli says he will always have a special place in his heart for Manchester City after signing for AC Milan.
Shares in the world's biggest carmaker have fallen sharply in the wake of the emissions scandal that has rocked the industry.
Kilmarnock midfielder Scott Samson has left the club by mutual consent.
Andy Murray and his wife Kim Sears are expecting their first child.
Toulon are in talks with Premiership clubs about playing in the Super Rugby competition next season.
A time capsule containing a newspaper, a scroll and a bottle from 1894 has been found during the construction of a new bridge.
The E3 gaming show is taking place in Los Angeles, America, and it's all about virtual reality.
A Chinese woman's claim that her husband divorced her because he did not like the shape of her face has sparked outrage on social media.
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas has said the Vatican has officially recognised his country's state.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged in connection with a hare coursing incident in Dalkeith in March.
The shortlist for this year's Dylan Thomas Prize has been announced.
Thousands of South Africans have taken to the streets to protest against President Jacob Zuma.
Former cabinet minister Chris Huhne was among hundreds of ex-MPs granted access to the Houses of Parliament despite being jailed for speeding.
A worker at Devonport Royal Dockyard was contaminated with radiation, the UK's nuclear watchdog has said.
A man has been found not guilty of a string of sex offences against boys in Nottingham.
Microsoft is launching an education edition of its Minecraft game.
Robbie Keane says he and Republic of Ireland boss Martin O'Neill are "happy to stay on" as assistant managers at Euro 2016.
Cardiff City head coach Paul Trollope says the club are willing to listen to offers for a number of players in the January transfer window.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has said he does not believe the UK would be better off staying in the European Union.
The European Council president has said the UK will not be able to negotiate the terms of its departure from the EU at the same time as talks on trade.
Three teenage boys have been charged in connection with an attempted murder in Dumbarton.
An investigation has been launched into the cause of a fire at a derelict pub in Neath Port Talbot.
Universities in Wales are concerned about the number of essay mills offering students a bespoke essay in return for a fee.
A man accused of plotting to carry out a terror attack in the UK gave a police officer a "dirty look", a court has heard.
Aberdeenshire council has said it will consider plans to install wind turbines at Donald Trump's golf resort in the Highlands.
As Iraqi government forces close in on the city of Mosul, there are signs that the so-called Islamic State (IS) regime in the city is crumbling.
Mame Biram Diouf scored a late equaliser as Stoke came from behind to draw with champions Chelsea at Stamford Bridge.
A man has been charged in connection with the death of another man at a caravan park in Dorset.
The line-up for this year's Wickerman Festival has been announced.
More than a third of Scotland's bank branches have closed in the last year, according to new research.
New rules aimed at preventing banks from becoming "too big to fail" have been published.
The UK economy grew by 0.7% in the first three months of the year, official figures have shown.
A woman who died after being hit by a lorry in Aberdeen has been named by police.
Mainland Chinese shares hit a fresh seven-year high on Monday despite disappointing trade data.
India is scrapping 500 and 1,000 rupee notes, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said.
A cyclist who sexually assaulted a woman on a footpath in Bournemouth is being sought by police.
David Haye and Tony Bellew have clashed in the build-up to their heavyweight world title fight on Saturday.
Two climbers have been killed in the French Alps while attempting to climb one of the world's highest mountains.
Parents of young drivers can now set a speed limit on their car to keep them safe.
A new species of reptile has been identified from fossilised footprints made more than 250 million years ago.
John Kennedy is to step down as Kent chairman at the end of the season.
An MP from India's Shiv Sena party has been banned from all domestic flights after he was accused of kicking an airline employee.
At the end of last year, more than 1,000 people were killed in an attack on a refugee camp in north-eastern Algeria.
Boris Johnson was one of the most outspoken critics of Donald Trump during the US presidential election campaign.
Obesity among teenagers may increase the risk of bowel cancer in later life, a study suggests.
The Labour Party is "in danger of not asking the right questions", former leader Tony Blair has said.
One of the "poshest outdoor privies in the country" has been restored to its former glory.
President Hassan Rouhani was elected in 2013 on a platform of "moderation and prudence".
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his late father would have been "ecstatic" to see him reach the semi-finals of Euro 2016.
NHS bosses have extended the closure of three urgent care centres in the north-east of England.
At the time of Donald Trump's election as US president, I was working for the BBC in Moscow, and one of the ways I kept up with what was going on in the Kremlin was to go to the souvenir stand opposite the BBC office and look at the fridge magnets.
London workers have the longest commutes in the UK, according to a study by the TUC.
Some councils in Wales do not routinely scan the microchips of cats and dogs found on the roads, it has been claimed.
The use of 3D printing is revolutionising the way we make things.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has held talks about a new contract with the Premier League champions.
Retailer Brantano has gone into administration, putting thousands of jobs at risk.
A man accused of murdering his parents in County Donegal was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia at the time, a court has heard.
Borussia Dortmund coach Borussia Monchengladbach's final game in charge of the club ended in defeat as Wolfsburg won the German Cup.
The mother of a teenager who took her own life has said she is "appalled" a council will not reveal the full report into her daughter's death.
Google has released the first draft of the next version of its Android operating system.
Members of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra have failed to agree on a new chief conductor.
St Peter's of Londonderry will face St Mary's of Wexford in the Hogan Cup final after a 2-13 to 2-11 semi-final win in Monaghan.
Aldershot Town have appointed former Wycombe Wanderers and QPR boss Dave Waddock as their new manager.
The Conservatives have said that if they win the general election, they will introduce a cap on energy prices.
The 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games have got under way in Rio.
A man is in a coma after being attacked on a dual carriageway in Middlesbrough.
Argentina's presidential election will go to a second round next month after no candidate won an outright majority.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has predicted his party will make a "breakthrough" in the assembly elections.
A campaign has been launched against plans to demolish Jersey's historic airport terminal.
League One side Southend United have signed former Charlton Athletic striker Jordan Rhodes on a two-year deal.
Plans for a 15,000-seater entertainment arena in Bristol are set to be unveiled later.
On the outskirts of the Colombian capital, Bogota, police have found a number of hide-outs.
A dog has been found " unscratched" at the bottom of a huge sinkhole at a golf course in the Highlands.
Tesco has reported a fall in full-year pre-tax profit to £145m after taking a legal charge over its accounts for 2015-16.
Mansfield Town have signed Crewe Alexandra striker Jordan Oliver on a one-month loan deal.
A Polish journalist expelled from Russia says he will take his cat with him when he returns to Poland.
Venezuela's security forces have used "excessive force" against protesters since anti-government protests began in April, a UN report says.
Three British-built Earth observation satellites have released their first colour and panchromatic images.
A World War Two veteran from Carmarthenshire has been awarded France's highest military honour.
League Two side Grimsby Town have agreed a deal to sign Mansfield Town midfielder Jordan Houghton.
A top-down reorganisation of local government in Wales is "not an option", the leader of the Welsh Local Government Association has said.
London Irish scrum-half Ross Ford has been given a two-week ban by the Rugby Football Union after pleading guilty to violent conduct.
The Iranian government has ordered social networks and messaging services to hand over encrypted messages to it.
Olympic champion Ben Ainslie says he wants to challenge for the America's Cup in the future.
A system that uses images to sign on to a device could be as strong as a password, say security experts.
A man has appeared in court charged with cannabis offences after another man was stabbed to death in Grimsby.
China has accused Japan of breaching its pacifist constitution by approving controversial new security laws.
Rafael Benitez suffered his first defeat as Chelsea manager as his side were held to a draw by Southampton at Stamford Bridge.
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young has been ruled out of Ireland's two-match one-day series against Sri Lanka because of a hamstring injury.
An ancient fossil found in a museum collection in Dorset has been identified as a new species of reptile.
Scotland's Katie Archibald won the women's individual time trial at the UCI Track Cycling World Cup in Abu Dhabi.
The number of fans attending Scottish football matches in 2016-17 has topped four million for the first time.
An appeal has been launched to raise £1m for the restoration of the Alexandra Palace Theatre.
A huge sinkhole has opened up in the middle of a golf course in South Africa.
More needs to be done to reduce the risk of people double voting in future general elections, the electoral watchdog has said.
Plymouth Flyers will play in the BBL Play-offs for the first time after beating Manchester Force on Sunday.
Ospreys' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Racing 92 at Liberty Stadium.
A five-year-old boy with a rare form of cancer has been told he has less than a year to live.
The 2022 World Cup in Qatar should be held in November and December, a Fifa taskforce has recommended.
(Close): The pound fell and shares in Barclays fell after the US government sued the bank for alleged mortgage securities fraud.
The winner of a competition to be the voice of the BT speaking clock has been announced.
Italy have appointed former Torino boss Vincenzo Ventura as Antonio Conte's successor after Euro 2016.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has said she will never give up on the search for justice for her son.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Leyton Orient midfielder Christian Atangana on a one-year deal.
England batsman Nick Compton says he is an "intense performer" who does not joke with the media or the opposition.
Three teenagers have appeared in court in the US state of Oklahoma charged with the murder of an Australian student.
Imagine going to school and being greeted by one of the world's best-selling authors.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the Rugby World Cup because of a foot injury.
Ebola was the most popular search term in the UK in 2014, according to Google.
Cornish Pirates director of rugby Steve Cattle says his side's performance in their bonus-point win over Leinster was not good enough.
A woman who is unable to walk because of a debilitating illness is to marry her fiancee.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered a review of all ties with the United Nations.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that the disqualification of Lithuanian ex-President Linas Paksas from running for election was disproportionate.
Arsenal maintained their 100% start to the Premier League season with a comfortable victory over Watford at Emirates Stadium.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for rain across south and mid Wales on Monday.
One in five women in the UK has suffered a miscarriage, according to new research.
Cerberus, the US investment fund, paid a Belfast law firm £15m to help it sell Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio, a committee of MPs has heard.
Ayr United moved up to eighth in the Scottish Championship with a hard-fought win at Dunfermline.
Former Scottish First Minister Jack McConnell has revealed he fell down a drain during a visit to Malawi.
An inmate has died at HMP Elmley in Kent, the Prison Officers' Association has said.
A fraudster who posed as a court clerk to escape from custody has pleaded guilty to eight counts of fraud.
The chief executives of Carmarthenshire and Pembrokeshire councils have been criticised in a report by the auditor general.
A driver caught speeding on a dual carriageway near Rotherham has been fined 150% of his weekly income.
The European Commission has said that EU nationals living in the UK should have the same rights as those living elsewhere in the EU.
Former EastEnders star Barbara Windsor has died after a short illness.
Virtual reality (VR) is best known for its use in the gaming industry.
Students at three Welsh universities are the most satisfied in the UK, according to a new survey.
Cologne is preparing for its annual carnival, a year after hundreds of women were sexually assaulted during New Year celebrations.
The Northern Ireland Assembly is to meet for the first time in more than a year to discuss the use of public money.
A black woman has said she was refused entry to a nightclub because she was not "good enough or white enough".
The number of young people in foster care in Scotland is increasing, according to a charity.
An elderly man and two friends who tackled a burglar have been given an award for their bravery.
Thousands of EU nationals living in London should be allowed to stay after Brexit, according to a report by the London Chamber of Commerce.
Derby County captain Andy Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Staff at drinks giant Diageo have voted in favour of industrial action in a pensions dispute.
The Belfast to Dublin high-speed train has been reinstated in service, Translink has said.
Indonesia's highest Islamic authority has issued a fatwa calling for an end to child marriage.
A baseball coach in Venezuela has called for the sport to be banned because of the country's economic crisis.
Boris Johnson has said there is "no reason" the UK should have to pay the EU to stay in the single market.
The organisers of the Rock am Ring music festival in Germany have cancelled the event after a lightning strike left at least eight people injured.
India's parliament has passed a bill that will increase the jail term for juvenile offenders from three to 10 years.
Three more people have appeared in court charged in connection with the discovery of the body of Bristol teenager Becky Watts.
The mother of a boy who was removed from an EasyJet flight at Gatwick Airport has said the airline's overbooking system needs an overhaul.
A woman who campaigned for the polio vaccine in the 1950s has been honoured for her work.
Nigel Farage has been persuaded to stay on as leader of UKIP, the party has said.
Plans to build a new country park in Gedling have been given the go-ahead despite objections from conservationists.
The UK Supreme Court has been asked to reinstate a ruling that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) failed to stop illegal loyalist flag parades.
Labour has backed the government's plan to balance the books by 2017-18, despite criticising it as a "gimmick".
A 19-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in North Yorkshire.
The National Probation Service should consider referring prisoners who breach their licence conditions to a probation-approved premises following re-release, a report has said.
Lancashire's Division Two match against Somerset was abandoned without a ball being bowled because of a waterlogged pitch.
One in six secondary schools in England is under-performing, according to the latest results from the Office for National Statistics.
A woman who painted her west London home in red and white stripes has gone to court in a bid to stop it being demolished.
The US government has been shut down for more than a month with no end in sight to the partial government shutdown.
Dartmoor hill ponies could be put into the meat trade in a bid to save the breed from extinction, a group has said.
Brazilian airline Latam has suspended its flights to the Venezuelan capital, Caracas.
Nine men have been charged in connection with a crash in which four people died.
Spanish police have arrested a man suspected of being part of the notorious Pink Panther gang, which has carried out hundreds of armed robberies.
Scunthorpe missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were held to a draw at Rochdale.
Councillors in North Lanarkshire are expected to vote later on whether to allow a private company to carry out repairs on council vehicles.
Indian Merchant Navy captain Radhika Menon has won an international award for her role in the rescue of six fishermen who were stranded at sea.
The final day of the final Test against India in Chennai could not have gone any better for England.
CBBC has been asking children in the UK if they think it's better to help or punish bullies.
Surrey captain Gareth Batty has signed a new one-year contract with the Division One club.
Cameroon are out of the Confederations Cup after losing 3-1 to Germany in the quarter-finals.
The new Royal Navy flagship will be based in Portsmouth, the defence secretary has said.
The contract to build the trains for the HS2 high-speed rail project has been launched by the government.
The Ulster Bank is to sell off about £15m of loans to farmers in Northern Ireland, the BBC understands.
Harriet Harman, the former Labour deputy prime minister, has been speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme about women's rights.
A woman has admitted inciting her pet dog to attack another woman in Aberdeen.
A 17-year-old boy arrested in connection with a crash in Caerphilly county in which two teenagers died has been released without charge.
England have named four uncapped players in their squad for the 2017 Six Nations Championship.
The genomes of the last woolly mammoths were "falling apart" before they went extinct, according to new research.
Actor John Johnson, best known for playing Bulldog Drummond in Deadlier Than the Male, has died at the age of 89.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of rape after a woman was sexually assaulted in north Belfast.
The names of more than 100 soldiers who trained on Salisbury Plain during World War One have been found.
A commemorative mosaic has been unveiled at Rotterdam Cathedral to mark the role played by RAF Bomber Command in saving thousands of lives during World War Two.
Restrictions on the number of fast food restaurants near schools are being introduced in a bid to tackle obesity.
Toymaker Lego has ended its relationship with the Daily Mail, following criticism from a campaign group.
A drug that is already in use to treat cancer could also be used to kick-start dormant HIV, say researchers in the US.
A man accused of trying to buy ricin on the dark net was inspired by the TV series Breaking Bad, a court has heard.
Plaid Cymru has launched its assembly election manifesto, promising to create a "well-educated and wealthier Wales".
The Essex town of Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday.
Sale Sharks are in talks with "four or five" international players about a move to the club, says director of rugby Steve Diamond.
Greece captain Panos Karagounis has retired from international football following his side's exit from the World Cup in Brazil.
Jack Baird's last-minute goal gave St Mirren victory over Ayr United in the Scottish League Cup.
A daredevil motorcyclist has pulled off one of the most spectacular stunts you've ever seen.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Motherwell and Cambuslang to protest against Tata Steel's plans to mothball its two Scottish plants.
Vloggers are being told they need to be more clear about when their videos are sponsored.
The family of a seven-year-old boy with severe autism have said they are "desperate" for him to be placed at a special school.
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders have signed a deal aimed at ending months of protests.
In our series of letters from African journalists, cartoonist and writer Laurent Sanguinetti takes a trip to Australia.
An inquiry into historical child abuse at children's homes in north Wales has widened to include allegations against more than 100 people.
Police have said the death of a man at a hotel in Edinburgh is not being treated as suspicious.
British and Irish Lions wing George North and full-back Robbie Henshaw have been ruled out of the rest of the New Zealand tour.
Reading midfielder Krisztian Rakels has joined Polish side Lech Poznan on a season-long loan.
It's lunchtime and Lana Del Rey has just arrived at BBC Radio 1.
The US has been gripped by a wave of protests over the killing of unarmed black men by the police.
The head of Ofsted has called for "greater urgency" in closing down unregistered schools in England.
After the pre-season transfer window closed, the Women's Super League One season got under way.
British number two Aljaz Bedene says he wants to represent Slovenia at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Spain's Alberto Rodriguez has announced he will retire from cycling at the end of the Tour de France.
A Londonderry woman has been awarded £20,000 in damages after being discriminated against for having a disabled daughter.
Iain Duncan Smith has just told me that staying in the EU puts us at increased risk of terrorist attacks.
Guy Martin will miss this year's Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod as he continues his recovery from a serious crash last year.
Leeds United chairman Massimo Cellino has been "supportive" during the club's recent poor run of form, says chief executive Steve Raynor.
As a mother of two, Emma Black was used to running with her children.
WBA world super-bantamweight champion Guillermo Rigondeaux will defend his title against Anthony Dickens at London's O2 Arena on 5 March.
The Irish government has said it will stop selling its Certificate of Irish Heritage because of a lack of uptake.
More than 100 sheep have been stolen from a farm in Dumfries and Galloway.
Razvan Cojanu retained his WBO super-middleweight title with a unanimous points win over WBO champion Joseph Parker.
US President Donald Trump has made a series of policy U-turns on his first day in office.
Jockey AP McCoy won the Champion Chase at Cheltenham for the second time in his career as he rode Strictly Come Dancing to victory.
Scarlets have said they are "fully committed to eradicating discrimination and promoting equality for both staff and customers".
A man whose Facebook account was shut down after he complained about being called "Phoo Da Bi" has thanked people for their support.
Tesco has bought a 49% stake in the Giraffe restaurant chain for an undisclosed sum.
A taxi driver who took pictures of festival-goers in Edinburgh is to have his work exhibited in the city.
The bodies of 12 Syrian migrants have washed up on a Turkish beach after their boats sank while trying to reach Greece.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal admitted his side were not good enough in the second half of their 2-1 defeat by FC Copenhagen.
The trading standards system is "as strong as its weakest link", a leading expert has said.
Three people have been charged in connection with an alleged Unicef fraud in Cardiff.
Portsmouth chief executive Michael Eisner is set to become the club's new chairman.
The International Rescue Committee and Doctors of the World have urged Greece to improve conditions at a migrant camp where three people have died in recent days.
The most complete specimen of a stegosaur, one of the world's most famous dinosaurs, has been acquired by a UK museum.
A former Volkswagen executive has pleaded guilty in a US court to conspiring to defraud the US government in the diesel emissions scandal.
Infection-related cancers are one of the biggest and preventable causes of cancer worldwide, a study suggests.
David Cameron has said the UK and Turkey are working "as closely as we possibly can" to tackle the threat of foreign fighters.
British astronaut Tim Peake has spoken to Newsround about his time in space.
BBC Radio 1 has announced its new presenting line-up for its 50th birthday celebrations.
At least eight whales have died after stranding themselves on rocks on the Isle of Wight.
Three weeks on from the start of the Saudi-led coalition air campaign against Shia Houthi rebels in Yemen, there has been no sign of a let-up in the air strikes.
BBC Radio 4 has a habit of commissioning unusual programmes.
Irn Bru, one of Scotland's best-known soft drinks brands, is to have its sugar content reduced by more than a third.
Facebook has defended its decision to keep a billionaire director on its board, despite him funding a lawsuit against news website Gawker.
A bid has been launched to rebuild one of the UK's most famous robots at London's Natural History Museum.
"El Salvador is on alert," reads a television ad in the Salvadoran capital, Salvador.
Great Britain's winter sports are to receive more funding from UK Sport following their success at the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Manchester Storm secured their first Elite League win of the season with a 2-1 victory over Manchester Storm at the SSE Arena.
There should be a change in the law to allow prosecutors to decide if a cyclist is to blame for their death, the former head of the Met Police has said.
Moors Murderer Ian Brady will not be charged over a letter he allegedly gave to one of his victims.
Portsmouth and 10-man Carlisle played out a goalless draw at Fratton Park.
Physicists say they have made a new measurement of the shape of the electron.
The government's top law officer has said it is an "open question" whether comments made by MPs in breach of court orders can be published.
A man who suffered "life-changing" injuries when he fell through a skylight at a college has had a claim for compensation dismissed.
Germany's Andre Greipel won the first stage of the Tour of Britain as Mark Cavendish crashed out of the race.
A parking company has said it will take disciplinary action against a driver who was issued with a charge for parking at the wrong time.
Plans for a £40m revamp of one of Glasgow's busiest roads have been unveiled.
A song has been released in South Africa urging people to unite in the wake of recent attacks on foreigners in the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in Worcestershire.
There has been a lot of talk in the last few days about the impact of the Welsh government's draft budget on universities.
The BBC has been cleared of breaching impartiality guidelines over a BBC Countryfile column by naturalist Ian Packham.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 2-1 to level the best-of-seven World Series at 2-2.
A fundraising campaign set up by former Coronation Street actress Alison Bracknell, who has terminal lung cancer, has raised more than £100,000.
Leicester missed the chance to go five points clear at the top of the Premier League as they were held to a draw by West Ham.
China is the world's second-largest economy and the largest producer and consumer of coal.
The Queen's official 90th birthday will be celebrated with a street party in central London.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Scientists in the US have developed an algorithm that can predict when a robot is going to fall.
In the wake of the migrant crisis in Calais, the deputy mayor of Calais, Philippe Mignonet, has said the UK should introduce ID cards.
New Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has held his first meeting with the club's players.
US Attorney General Loretta Lynch has said the scope of the Fifa corruption investigation is "not limited".
Wales coach Warren Gatland will not replace Stuart Lancaster as England head coach, says ex-Wales captain Gareth Thomas.
President Donald Trump has said he is "vindicated" by former FBI director James Comey's testimony about his firing.
Former Respect MP George Galloway has been reported to police for allegedly discussing voting while the polls were open.
A road in Cornwall which was closed for more than a year after a landslide is to be reopened, the council has said.
A video game based on one of the world's most popular wrestling traditions has been launched at the E3 gaming show in Los Angeles.
A man has been jailed for eight months for failing to give money raised for a cancer charity to the family of a boy who died.
Former Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey has been appointed as Australia's ambassador to the United States.
Northern Ireland's economy minister, Simon Hamilton, has submitted a plan for dealing with the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham in 1991 believe he died in an accident near the farmhouse where he was last seen.
A man has been taken to hospital after falling from a balcony in Brighton.
Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell is three shots off the lead after carding a second-round 69 at the Dubai Desert Classic.
A bridge where padlocks were fastened to cables in an apparent act of love is being removed.
Lewis Hamilton says it is "realistic" for him to lose the Formula 1 world title to Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
A man has been charged with murder after a man died in a car crash in Oxford.
A dog has died after falling from a bridge in Perthshire.
Police in the Australian state of Victoria have launched an investigation into a "clown purge" similar to a craze in the US.
Durham Jets came from behind to beat Leicestershire in a rain-affected T20 Blast match at Grace Road.
South Africa were outclassed by India on the opening day of the third Test.
The number of people switching energy suppliers in the UK has broken three million for the first time.
There is a "big yawning gap" between girls and boys when it comes to exercise, a study of seven-year-olds suggests.
Osteoporosis drugs can make bones weaker and increase the risk of fractures, according to a new study.
St Mirren have signed Dundee United striker Cammy Smith on loan until the end of the season.
Power has been restored to more than 1,000 customers left without electricity after flooding in Greater Manchester.
Transport for London (TfL) is to stop issuing cash-free bus tickets from Monday.
Edinburgh are to play their home matches from next season at Myreside.
Glasgow-based department store chain Watt's has announced plans to open up to 10 new stores over the next three years.
With all the walking, running, cycling and gym activity you intend to do over the next few months, it's only natural that you'd want to keep track of it all.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police has said he is "profoundly sorry" for the way the force failed the victims of the Hillsborough disaster.
The hard shoulder of the M4 in Birmingham has reopened after being closed following a crash.
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane in the Indian Ocean has been called off, Australian and US officials say.
Clyde, Arbroath and Elgin City all won their opening games of the Scottish League Two season.
People in Scotland have been talking about whether or not they want to join the European Union.
A former music teacher raped a student who was "critical" to her career, a court has heard.
China's crude oil imports from Iran rose sharply in July, despite the ongoing dispute between the two countries over Tehran's nuclear programme.
The chief executive of Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has said he is "happy" with a £39m timber deal awarded in 2014.
Councils in England will be able to increase council tax by up to 2% over the next five years, the Local Government Association (LGA) has said.
In the early hours of Sunday morning, Japan's media was abuzz with one story.
It has been a busy few days in the cricket world.
Two-time Olympic gold medallist Mo Farah has given Newsround his top tips for young athletes.
UKIP leadership candidate Raheem Kassam has promised to "make UKIP great again", as he launched his campaign for the job.
Former Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Bertie Ahern has said there will be a "hard border" between Northern Ireland and the Republic after Brexit.
A plaque has been unveiled in Liverpool to commemorate those from the city who fought in the Spanish Civil War.
A woman has been shot dead in what police are treating as an attempted murder.
The Channel Tunnel is one of the world's most famous tunnels and has been the subject of much debate over the years.
One of the leaders of the Balochistan separatist movement has said he is prepared to hold peace talks with the Pakistani state.
David Cameron's team has decided to back down and allow his Eurosceptic ministers to campaign for the UK to stay in the EU.
Former Peruvian leader Alberto Fujimori has announced he will open social media accounts while in prison.
A cancer charity has called on the Welsh government to vaccinate boys against a sexually transmitted disease.
The manufacturer of a blue sippy cup for a boy who has only drank from it since the age of two has found the original mould.
Tom Cairney scored twice as Fulham beat Brentford to end a run of four straight Championship defeats.
French President Francois Hollande has named Jean-Marc Ayrault as his new foreign minister.
A man who was seen "sleepwalking" in Manchester city centre was not taking part in a dare, police have said.
The 2017 Winter Olympics are getting under way in Sochi, Russia.
Wycombe Wanderers' new signing Adebayo Akinfenwa has been sent off during their pre-season friendly against Le Havre.
A US congressman, Chaka Fattah, has been found guilty of running a multi-million dollar bribery scheme.
UK Sport has set a target of four Olympic medals for Great Britain at the Sochi 2014 Winter Games.
Scotland's Deputy First Minister John Swinney has outlined his latest proposals for a fiscal framework.
Dayle Southwell scored a stoppage-time winner as Wycombe beat Stevenage to record their first League Two win of the season.
The killer of a 15-year-old boy at an Aberdeen school has been jailed for eight years.
Northern Ireland sailors have made good progress at the European Rowing Championships in Rotterdam.
Tennis star Venus Williams is being investigated by US police over a car crash in which a man died.
India has the potential to become "one of the leading nations in chess boxing", according to the president of the World Chess Boxing Organisation (WCBO).
A fund-raising campaign to save an array of radio telescopes used to search for alien life has raised more than $2m (£1.5m).
Two newly-elected Scottish Conservative MSPs have been campaigning for the UK to leave the EU.
A man who spent the night on the roof of a church has been fined for his "stupid" act.
The Labour Party's National Executive Committee (NEC) has failed to agree on a plan to allow Jeremy Corbyn to elect his own shadow cabinet.
A police force has become the first in England and Wales to record misogyny as a hate crime.
The BBC Spotlight survey on the potential outcome of a border poll suggests a majority of Northern Ireland voters would back staying in the UK.
An Iranian couple rejected by Australia for resettlement in Cambodia have returned to their country of origin.
A sign outside a cafe has been branded "shocking" and "distasteful" following the murder of April Jones.
Radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for five years for inviting support for the so-called Islamic State group.
A four-year-old boy has died in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot.
Apple has raised $35bn (Â£24bn) by selling bonds in New York, as it continues to return cash to shareholders.
A Kent NHS trust has been placed in special measures after inspectors found staff shortages and poor maintenance.
China has expressed "serious concern" over comments by US President-elect Donald Trump that he may end the "One China" policy.
China's first "baby hatches" have been temporarily closed to new babies, the director of one of the centres has said.
An inquest into the deaths of a father and son who were pulled from the sea while trying to save a friend has been opened and adjourned.
So what is the "lock" that Ed Miliband has put on Labour's manifesto?
The family of a British backpacker who has been missing in Peru for more than a month are planning to fly to the country to search for him.
Peru's President Ollanta Humala has said his government has begun to lay the groundwork for the country's "great transformation".
A man has been rescued after getting into difficulty in the sea off Bangor, Gwynedd.
A lawyer has said it is not discrimination for a brewery to ban bikers from its pubs.
Leeds Rhinos moved to within a point of Super League leaders Castleford with a comfortable win over Warrington Wolves at Headingley.
Livingston extended their lead at the top of Scottish League One to seven points with a 2-1 win over 10-man Forfar Athletic.
A multi-million pound project to rebuild a shopping centre's car park has been given the go-ahead.
The Shepton Mallet cider mill is to close with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
The chairman of the inquiry into historical child sex abuse in England and Wales, Peter McKelvie, has resigned.
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed an agreement to co-operate.
A report into the death of a baby girl who was mauled to death by her mother's dog has called for "greater curiosity" about family pets.
England women's head coach Mark Sampson has named a 23-strong squad for the January friendlies against Norway and Sweden.
The UK is holding a referendum on its membership of the European Union on 23 June.
Morocco's interior minister has criticised the low turnout in Sunday's referendum on a new constitution.
Former England batsman Kevin Pietersen hit his first Twenty20 century in South Africa as his Dolphins side beat the Hobart Knights in the T20 Blast.
A legal challenge to the UK's decision to leave the European Union could be taken to Europe's highest court.
Talks are under way to try to resolve the political crisis in Northern Ireland.
French Impressionist painter Claude Monet was opposed to his plans to create a water garden by local farmers, according to newly-discovered documents.
The owner of a fireworks shop which was destroyed by a controlled explosion has said he is "devastated" by the blaze.
Two police officers who filmed themselves near the scene of the Shoreham air crash have been sacked.
Islam Slimani and Ahmed Musa scored late goals as Leicester City came from behind to beat Sheffield United in the EFL Cup second round.
More needs to be done to improve the way patients with sepsis are treated in Wales, the health secretary has said.
The estranged wife and children of late US comedian Robin Williams have gone to court in a dispute over his estate.
A 46-year-old man has been jailed for six months after admitting registering more than 1,000 fake births.
European Space Agency astronaut Luca Parmitano has completed his first spacewalk.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Maidstone.
The UK's arms trade with Saudi Arabia is not unlawful, the High Court has ruled.
England's middle-order collapse continued as they were beaten by India A in the second of their two one-day internationals in Mumbai.
Carnival, the world's biggest cruise company, has reported a rise in profits for the third quarter, despite a drop in ticket prices.
Cannabis will be sold in pharmacies in Uruguay from July, the government has announced.
A woman whose friend was killed in a fire at a wood treatment plant has been awarded the Freedom of the Borough of Bosley.
People in Bristol are not happy with the sight of vinegar on their lawn.
Oxfordshire's private sector will not be able to cope with cuts in the public sector, a business leader has warned.
A man has died after a stage collapsed at a Radiohead concert in the Canadian city of Toronto.
Timothy Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig beat Mainz to move level on points with Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said the UK will have the fastest broadband network in Europe by 2016.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned that some countries are struggling to provide adequate testing for HIV.
Scotland goalkeeper Gemma Fay says qualifying for Euro 2017 would be the "most special moment" of her career.
Crawley Town have signed former West Brom defender James Hurst on a free transfer.
Leinster ended their Pro12 campaign with a hard-fought victory over Edinburgh at Murrayfield.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he wants to scrap the cap on working-age benefits.
Employers have been warned not to "snoop" on their staff by reading their private messages on Yahoo Messenger.
A cheetah fitted with a tracking device has been shot dead in Botswana, a conservation group has said.
An extra £1.1bn will be needed to provide the same level of care for older and disabled people this year, a survey suggests.
Kilmarnock have signed defender Lee McCulloch from Rangers for an undisclosed fee.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he does not need to spend as much as £10m on a new striker in the January transfer window.
Widnes Vikings half-back Joe Mellor has signed a new two-year deal with the Super League club.
League One side Wigan Athletic have signed Bournemouth midfielder James MacDonald on loan until the end of the season.
Inspectors have found 26 areas for improvement at Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary.
Bournemouth referee Paul Friend has been ruled out for the rest of the season after collapsing in the dugout during Saturday's game against Southampton.
The Central American nation of Belize is one of the fastest-growing economies in the Western Hemisphere.
A woman who was accused of having sex with a 15-year-old boy has been found not guilty.
A cannabis-based treatment for children with epilepsy is being trialled in the UK.
Senegalese troops have entered The Gambia in a bid to force President Yahya Jammeh to step down.
Pupils at risk of failing their GCSE exams are being offered free tuition at a Belfast university.
A judge in the Republic of Ireland has said he did not intend to interfere with comments made by a TD in the Dáil (parliament) about the businessman Denis O'Brien.
Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder Josh MacGillivray on a one-year deal.
Profits at BG Group have fallen sharply in the first three months of the year, despite the oil and gas firm's takeover by Royal Dutch Shell.
An "urgent" campaign is needed to boost visitor numbers to Cumbria following flooding, a tourism boss has said.
Fleetwood moved into the League One play-off places with victory over Scunthorpe.
Emergency teams are arriving in Nepal to help the survivors of the devastating earthquake that struck the country's capital, Kathmandu, on Sunday.
The family of a British man missing in Brussels have said they are "desperate" to find him.
Jockey Kerry Turner says she hopes her retirement will inspire female jockeys to follow in her footsteps.
BP has announced plans to cut 600 jobs in its North Sea operations.
Human remains found in a river in the US state of New Mexico have been identified as that of an 80-year-old treasure hunter who went missing while searching for gold.
A man in his 50s has died following a crash involving a car and a lorry on the A1 in Londonderry.
It is not every athlete's dream to become an Olympic gold medallist, but for one British hammer thrower it has been a dream come true.
Transformers: Age of Extinction has topped the US box office for the fourth weekend in a row.
A dog has been rescued from a cliff in Devon.
The sister of a cyclist who died after being hit by a lorry in Bethnal Green has appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Newcastle's bid to host the 2015 Rugby World Cup has been hailed as a "huge success" with an estimated £43m economic impact.
Cardiff City's poor start to the season continued as they were held to a goalless draw by Bristol City.
Dozens of bearded dragons have been rescued after they were found abandoned at an animalarium in Swansea.
Newport County moved out of the League Two relegation zone with victory over Mansfield Town.
A man has been jailed for helping to dispose of the body of a man who was murdered by his partner.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) is considering the future of its performance school programme, according to chief executive Martin McClair.
A Monet painting of a lily pond, Nympheas, has sold at auction in London for £31.7m.
Nico Rosberg won the Singapore Grand Prix to extend his world title lead over Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton.
Graeme McDowell was full of confidence on Thursday.
The UK's competition watchdog has accused pharmaceutical giant Pfizer of abusing its dominant position in a cancer drug market.
The Zanzibar Football Federation (TFF) has submitted an application to Fifa to become a member of world football's governing body.
Audi has pulled out of the Le Mans 24-hour race and will compete in the electric racing series Formula E from 2018.
A burst water main in Bournemouth has left more than 100 homes without water.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale is to say her party will stand for next year's Holyrood elections with a promise to restore tax credits.
Bristol City midfielder Nikica Jelavic has returned to training ahead of Friday's Championship game at QPR.
The results of Iraq's parliamentary elections, held in March, have left the country with no clear-cut winner.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for wind across Scotland.
A haul of gold coins dating back to the Fatimid Caliphate has been found off the coast of Israel.
An Australian tennis player has been banned for seven years after being found guilty of match-fixing.
The BBC has learned that the chief executive of British Airways, Alex Salmond, was paid £1.3m in 2014, an increase of more than 50% on the previous year.
Colleges are having to try to achieve in two years what schools failed to deliver in a decade of formal education.
A three-month-old baby girl has been taken to hospital after she was found abandoned in Tallaght, County Dublin.
A Singaporean couple has surprised their guests by staging a wedding photo shoot in a coffin.
Lukas Jutkiewicz's injury-time equaliser earned Birmingham a point at Huddersfield.
Downton Abbey has added another guest star to its cast, with the news that Emma Johnston is to join the cast for series five.
The fall in the price of oil has been one of the biggest shocks to the global economy since the global financial crisis.
Wolfsburg striker Christian Eriksen has been fined for failing to turn up to training on Tuesday.
A key part of a machine used to break World War Two's Enigma code has been found in a shed in Essex.
Cultural projects from Wales and India are to be funded as part of the UK-India Year of Culture.
An academy chain run by a former government adviser has been criticised by England's education inspectorate.
Leicester City have signed former France international Stephane Reveillere on a one-year deal.
A Russian security service has proposed closing a database that lists the ownership of state property to the public.
Nato and Russia have said they have "profound and persistent differences" over the Ukraine crisis after talks at the Nato-Russia Council.
The use of jamming technology to disrupt the use of mobile phones in Scottish prisons will be operational in weeks, Prison Minister John MacAskill has said.
The US state of Louisiana has been hit by floods of "epic proportions" that have displaced thousands and left at least one person dead.
The first female chief pilot of an Australian airline has been appointed by the country's national carrier.
A fake BBC news story has been circulating on social media in Kenya.
Brazilian President Michel Temer has condemned the "barbaric" rape of a teenage girl in Rio de Janeiro.
Controversial plans for a new golf course in Sutherland have been unveiled.
Google has confirmed it is to invest £1bn in its new headquarters in London.
The ancient inhabitants of Stonehenge used a tree stump as a wall to build a shelter, it has been revealed.
A chronology of key events:1..
Liverpool's Christian Benteke has joined Crystal Palace on loan until the end of the season.
A 92-year-old woman from the Highlands who moved to Australia two years ago is facing deportation back to Scotland.
A County Tyrone shoe shop has been badly damaged by flooding caused by Storm Desmond.
A task force set up to help save Scotland's steel industry has met for the first time.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has retired from cricket because of injury.
A six-week-old baby girl has been found dead at a bus stop in north Wales.
Hearts' return to the Scottish Premiership is good for the game, according to Scottish Professional Football League chief executive David Doncaster.
The Welsh government's tuition fee grant should be scrapped to allow Welsh universities to compete with those in England, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Athletic head coach Guy Luzon says he will not be distracted by his side's poor start to the Championship season.
The Chinese government is using "coercive methods" to intimidate foreign companies, according to former British ambassador to China John McGregor.
Wales beat England in the Euro 2016 semi-final at Wembley on Friday night.
More than a third of working families in England will be unable to cover their housing costs for more than one month with no job, a Shelter survey suggests.
More than £1bn was spent using contactless payments in the UK last year, according to new figures.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash on Anglesey on Saturday have said they are "beyond heartbroken".
The US-led coalition fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq says the battle for Falluja is far from over.
Isabelle Linden's first goal for Birmingham City Ladies earned them a 1-1 draw at Women's Super League One rivals Reading.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has been called up to the England squad for the first time.
UK consumer prices rose in January for the fourth month in a row, official figures have shown.
Great Britain won four gold medals on the final day of the European Indoor Athletics Championships in Bologna, including two from David Davies and Sophie Hermitage.
The Scottish government has given a "clear signal" of its commitment to improving the A9 at Berriedale Braes.
Sheffield Wednesday boss Paul Heckingbottom says he will not consider signing defender Yedlin Yiadom until his future is resolved with the club.
The Welsh government has been accused of a "cynical" way of spending public money on posters promoting the Metro.
Ireland flanker Sean O'Brien has been named in the team to face Scotland in Saturday's Six Nations match at Murrayfield.
The BBC does not get a "fair bang for its buck" for its investment in the Midlands, MPs have said.
Astronomers have discovered the most distant object in our Solar System.
If you're trying to woo someone with a big bouquet of flowers, here's a tip.
England pulled off one of the biggest upsets in rugby union history as they thrashed world champions New Zealand.
An artificial intelligence (AI) start-up has pledged $1bn (Â£700m) to fund research into the technology.
Scotland ran in six tries to thrash Georgia in their Six Nations opener at Murrayfield.
Harlequins head coach Conor O'Shea will leave the club at the end of the season.
The number of young people voting in the general election has more than doubled in the past two years, according to new research.
The founder of the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, Sir Neville Marriner, has died at the age of 93.
It was the strangest of nights, and a strange truth: Justin Gatlin may have deserved all of that - but he deserved this win too.
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash in Bangor, County Down.
The sale of so-called legal highs has been banned in the Republic of Ireland.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes says he would consider selling Giannelli Imbula if the right offer came in.
A man has died in a crash between a car and a lorry in Kent.
The body of a man has been found in the sea off the coast of Cornwall.
The BBC's Sound of 2016 has named Muramasa Sengo as its new emerging artist of the year.
The mood at the Likud party headquarters in Tel Aviv was one of relief.
The number of people making daily commutes of more than two hours has more than doubled in the past five years, official figures show.
Barra Airport in the Western Isles is celebrating its 80th anniversary.
A new pedestrian and cycle crossing in Cardiff is set to open later this month after months of delays.
Tributes have been paid to the victims of the Manchester Arena attack.
Plans for a Garden Bridge over the River Thames have been given the go-ahead after a deal was struck to cut London taxpayers' contribution by two thirds.
Dame Zaha Hadid's water lilies have gone on display at Chatsworth Castle as part of a new art exhibition.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for life for plotting to carry out a "mass murder" in London.
2016 was a tough year for the arts in Northern Ireland.
It's not long after the announcement that Nicholas Serota is to step down as director of the Tate Gallery that I come across a statement on the Tate's website.
The transfer window closed in England and Scotland at 23:00 BST on 1 June.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition against plans to introduce parking charges and restrictions around the Royal Berkshire Hospital.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says he is optimistic that the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal can be reached.
Sister Nirmala Devi, the Indian nun who took over from Mother Teresa, has died in the city of Kolkata at the age of 90.
Women's Super League One side Durham City Ladies have signed Sunderland goalkeeper Jess Laws on a one-year deal.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he "never called for a veto" over any Brexit deal.
The Co-operative Bank has confirmed it has agreed a deal with a group of investors to raise £1bn.
As Afghanistan's new president tries to revive the country's economy, the BBC's M Ilyas Khan meets entrepreneurs who say the country is still too difficult to do business in.
The main railway line between Oxford and Didcot has reopened after being closed due to flooding.
A dog with a "unique" feature that causes his lower teeth to stick out has found a new home.
The first letter written by John Lennon is to be sold at auction.
As David Cameron prepares to meet EU leaders in Brussels for the first time since winning the general election, there is growing concern in the Conservative Party that the forthcoming referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union could split the party.
A facsimile of the original Magna Carta has been unveiled at Lincoln Castle to mark its 800th anniversary.
Scotland are "lucky" to have two "inspirational" midfielders in Scott Brown and Darren Fletcher for Wednesday's friendly against Northern Ireland, says former Celtic midfielder Danny Wilson.
A rescue boat made by Welsh students in the 1960s has been sent to the Greek island of Lesbos to help with the rescue of migrants.
Police in the US state of Missouri have fired tear gas to break up a protest over the killing of black teenager Michael Brown.
Brazil is the world's largest producer of tropical timber.
New South African teams in the Pro12 will face a "brutal" nine-month schedule, according to ex-Ulster and Edinburgh head coach Alan Solomons.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has nationalised the country's largest electricity company, Transportadora de Electricidad (TDE).
Shares in Yum Brands, the owner of KFC and Pizza Hut, have risen after the company reported better-than-expected sales in China.
Plans to demolish more than 500 homes on Sheerwater estate in Woking are to be reconsidered, the council has said.
Workers have been evacuated from a North Sea oil platform after a vessel caught fire.
Black voters in the US city of Ferguson have elected their first black council members in more than a decade.
Trade unions are to co-ordinate industrial action against government cuts, the TUC has said.
Kilmarnock have confirmed the appointment of Lee Clark as their new manager on a two-year deal.
Britain's Bradley Wiggins won his third world time trial title with victory at the Road World Championships.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo reflects on his two weeks in South-East Asia.
Two Australian men have been charged with plotting a terror attack in Sydney, police say.
An MP has admitted he has "some responsibility" for a council's £10.25m loan to a football club.
Young people born in the early 1980s have less wealth than their predecessors by the age of 30, according to a new report.
A collection of Star Wars images has been taken from the Firth of Forth in Shetland.
Ray Moore, the chief executive of the Indian Wells tennis tournament, has stepped down after making controversial comments about women's tennis.
Richard Cockerill has left his role as director of rugby at Leicester Tigers.
A court in New York has ordered the trial of Hank Greenberg, the former chief executive of JP Morgan Chase, on fraud charges.
Marcus Trescothick hit a double century for Somerset before Nottinghamshire took control on day three at Taunton.
Two directors of a Newport turkey processing company have been jailed for food hygiene offences.
A police officer who saved a 21-year-old man from falling down a fire escape has been awarded a bravery award.
Volkswagen has said it is "optimistic" that it will come up with a fix for 11 million cars affected by the emissions scandal.
Ollie Norburn scored a late winner as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Chester in the National League.
Sri Lanka has launched an investigation into allegations of match-fixing during a one-day international against England.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he has taken up smoking again after his record-equalling Masters win.
Sky Sports will show the first Friday night Premier League game of the 2017-18 season for the first time.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) is holding talks with the leaders of the main opposition parties in a bid to form a government.
Queens Park Rangers striker Jamie Mackie has signed a new one-year deal with the club.
A rare albino deer has been born in the Czech Republic.
Police are investigating the disappearance of a family of 12 from Luton who may have gone to Syria.
Cardiff City Council (CBC) has drawn up plans for Wales' first high-speed gondola service.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has lost its appeal against a High Court ruling that it must hand over documents relating to a murder claim.
US President Donald Trump has said former President Barack Obama "choked" when it came to dealing with Russia's alleged interference in last year's election.
A football club has apologised after residents said they were woken by a "horrible scraping noise" coming from its ground.
Gunmen have opened fire on the offices of two newspapers in the Turkish city of Istanbul, police say.
A new MRI scanner has been installed at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast.
A blogger who was at the centre of a 10-year legal battle with her local council leader has had her case dropped.
Police in Hong Kong are investigating a suspected mid-air theft on an Emirates flight from Dubai.
France's presidential candidate has said he will seek to reform the European Union the day after he wins the election.
A British citizen who was born outside wedlock has won a Supreme Court battle against deportation.
A senior financial figure has been banned from the City for life after he admitted not paying the full fare on a London-bound train.
Four former UK foreign secretaries have urged David Cameron to raise corruption in Russia when he visits Moscow on Sunday.
Jake Cassidy scored his first goal of the National League season as Hartlepool came from behind to draw at Macclesfield.
Iran will not decommission its Arak heavy-water nuclear reactor until next week, the country's nuclear chief has said.
The story of Pte John Parr, the first British soldier to die in World War One, has been told for the first time.
David Haye says he will take "whatever punishment" the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) gives him following his defeat by Tony Bellew on Saturday.
The sale of BHS to a consortium led by a Portuguese businessman has moved a step closer.
Thousands of workers in South Africa have gone on strike in a dispute over pay and conditions.
A US man who was shot by a gunman on a train from Amsterdam to Paris has been awarded France's highest military honour.
A Borders town's main road is to be closed to allow work to be carried out on a flood protection scheme.
A bid to create a combined authority for the Solent is "almost certainly dead", council leaders have said.
Middlesbrough have re-signed midfielder Marten de Roon on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The train that carried Winston Churchill's coffin has been restored after being damaged in a fire in the 1970s.
One of London's leading GP practices says it has seen its busiest week on record.
Ikea has issued a global recall of a beach chair after five people were injured while using it.
Banks in India have begun marking the fingers of people who want to exchange banned high-denomination notes.
American football star Jessica Chastain has announced she will donate her brain to research into the effects of concussion.
A woman has been seriously injured after a lorry crashed into a block of flats in Fairlie, North Lanarkshire.
Australia batsman Phil Hughes has died at the age of 25 after being hit by a ball while playing for his state side Sydney Thunder.
 Eniola Aluko's late equaliser rescued a point for Hull City at home to Nottingham Forest.
The search for a cure for type 1 diabetes has taken a major step forward, according to US scientists.
Aston Villa midfielder Andre Ayew has been arrested on suspicion of violent conduct following Saturday's 2-2 draw with Watford.
Hibernian captain Lewie Stevenson believes the club can compete at the top end of the Scottish Premiership next season.
Chelsea Ladies goalkeeper Anna Lindahl has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
One of the world's best-known photographs of an Afghan girl has been arrested in Pakistan.
In the early days of science fiction, inventors would often work in their own garages to come up with new ideas.
Two people have been taken to hospital following a fire at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Plans to improve travel times on the A40 between Oxford and Witney have been unveiled by Oxfordshire County Council.
Newcastle United have signed Netherlands full-back Daryl Janmaat from Feyenoord for an undisclosed fee.
Police are "extremely concerned" for the welfare of a 13-year-old girl who has gone missing from her home in Greater Manchester.
A seven-year-old girl has been found safe and well after being missing for more than 24 hours, police have said.
A gay vicar has said the Church of England is " institutionally homophobic".
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths admits he is rusty ahead of Scotland's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia on Sunday.
Aberdeen defender Jonny Hayes has signed a new three-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Belfast Giants moved level on points with Elite League leaders Nottingham Panthers with a 5-4 win at the SSE Arena on Friday night.
At Lido beach in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, Hassan Hassan is one of the city's top lifeguards.
A Catholic priest from County Kildare in the Republic of Ireland has been made a saint.
The Tate has been praised for its exhibition of cut-out art by Henri Matisse.
A father killed his baby by shaking or throwing him, a court has heard.
A former Leeds United employee was suspended because of her relationship with the club's head coach, a tribunal has heard.
Elton John has apologised to a steward for calling her "Hitler".
Sam Allardyce has resigned as Crystal Palace manager.
Plans to close Ceredigion's only residential home for the elderly have been described as "absurd".
The US space agency's (Nasa) Juno probe has taken some of the most spectacular images of Jupiter ever taken.
"If you don't know what you're talking about, don't ask."
A biscuit maker has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs.
A Pembrokeshire firm behind the collapse of a £2.3m motorbike project has revealed how its funding was distributed.
Malaysian police say they have found evidence that so-called Islamic State (IS) was involved in an attack on a restaurant in which four people were killed.
The race to be the next United Nations secretary-general is being seen as a test of the region's political will.
Italian police say they have arrested 13 people suspected of being involved in a radical Islamist network in Europe.
A Royal Air Force (RAF) serviceman whose medals were stolen from his car in Lancashire has said he is "proud" they were returned.
British authors Jim Crace and Kevin Barry have been nominated for the Irish equivalent of the Man Booker Prize.
Leicestershire County Council has been accused of putting the future of one of the county's most popular museums at risk.
Theo Walcott's late equaliser earned Arsenal a draw against Manchester United at Old Trafford.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side showed their " inexperience" in sub-continent conditions in their defeat by Bangladesh in Chittagong.
It's 30 years since the Zeebrugge ferry disaster off the coast of Belgium.
Volunteers in Northern Ireland say they have been overwhelmed by the number of young bats that have been rescued because of the bad weather.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being stabbed on a London Overground train.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union.
Three pupils have been expelled from Wrexham High School after a small amount of cannabis was found on school property.
Queens Park Rangers made a winning start to the Championship season with a comfortable victory over Leeds United.
Five police officers have appeared in court accused of using a police helicopter for inappropriate filming.
Microsoft has unveiled a device that links its Xbox One console to smartphones and tablets.
The new Scottish Premiership season begins on Saturday, with Celtic looking to defend their title and Aberdeen looking to improve on their second-placed finish last season.
Gatwick Airport was closed for several hours after a drone was spotted near the runway.
Bahraini human rights activist Nabeel Rajab has been released from prison after serving two-thirds of a three-year sentence.
Aberdeen's hopes of a top-four finish suffered a major blow as they lost 3-0 to Rangers at Ibrox.
A consortium led by a private company is set to win a £1.2bn contract to provide cancer care in Staffordshire, the BBC understands.
A memorial stone has been unveiled in France to commemorate the Jersey soldiers who died during World War One.
Exeter Chiefs fought back from 19-5 down at half-time to earn a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has ordered an independent review into alleged abuse and neglect at care homes in south Wales.
Burkina Faso missed out on a place in the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals after losing 1-0 to Democratic Republic of Congo.
Police in India have arrested a writer-activist and charged him with sedition for allegedly insulting the national anthem.
Two planes have collided at an airport in the US state of Michigan, forcing the evacuation of 150 passengers.
Unemployment in Scotland rose by 15,000 between January and March, according to the latest official figures.
A student who developed the world's "most environmentally friendly falling snow products" has been offered a full-time job.
The number of mental health patients being discharged from hospitals in England has fallen, according to new figures.
The mother of a girl with a rare genetic condition has said it is a "huge weight off her shoulders" that a new drug will be made available on the Welsh NHS.
Motherwell have told the Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) that Saturday's game against MK Dons will go ahead after players recovered from illness.
US conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly has died at the age of 91.
A plumbing company has been fined £10,000 after faults were found in more than 1,000 homes in Poole and Reading.
If you go to the University of Groningen in the Netherlands, you won't find much in the way of graffiti.
The Ulster-Scots language was first officially recognised in a law passed by the House of Commons in 1798.
A California woman who was kidnapped last month has been found safe and well, police say.
The New York City Council has approved a bill to crack down on so-called street performers in Times Square.
A paralysed man who was forced to stay in a mental health hospital for more than a year has been given a new home.
Pregnant women are being put at risk by the use of private genetic testing services, a report says.
Ballymena United have signed former Coleraine striker Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal.
Plans to make walking and cycling part of everyday life in Wales have been published.
If you are going to run for president, you need to appeal to a broad range of voters.
More than 1,000 competitors have taken part in this year's Snowdon Race.
MP Sir Kevin McDonald has said he may have breached the House of Commons code of conduct over his use of parliamentary facilities.
Shares in Weibo, China's biggest micro-blogging site, have soared in their first day of trading in the US.
The Great Britain Wheelchair Basketball team are back in the country for the first time in more than a year.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to in connection with an assault on a bus in Glasgow.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has threatened to fire a missile at the US territory of Guam.
A British diver has said he is "elated" charges have been dropped against him over the deaths of his two friends in Malta.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
Zaporizhya, a city in eastern Ukraine, has become the latest in a series of towns and cities to be forced to remove communist-era monuments.
Rory McIlroy has played down the importance of his Ryder Cup match against Rickie Fowler on Friday.
Four men have been charged in connection with an axe-wielding robbery at a petrol station.
Online retailer Amazon has been accused of using its European headquarters to avoid paying tax in the UK.
Migrants who lose their lives trying to reach Europe are among those caught up in Europe's migrant crisis.
Justin Gatlin was supposed to be the Lance Armstrong of the sprinting world.
The MP at the centre of an investigation into a £10m loan to a football club has announced he will not stand for re-election.
Swansea City Supporters' Trust has said it has yet to receive any information from the club's new owners.
A man has pleaded not guilty to causing the death of a 15-year-old girl in a crash in Gwynedd.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he has "no doubts" about his side's patriotism, despite Wales forward Gareth Bale saying they are not as patriotic as his side.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said he will not give Ed Miliband advice on the party's dispute with the Unite union.
Theresa May has described European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker as a "bloody difficult woman" ahead of Brexit talks.
Scott Martin has left Livingston to join Raith Rovers on a two-year deal.
The Circuit of Wales would have been "well outside the natural agglomeration" of the motor racing industry, according to one of its owners.
Hundreds of jobs could be lost at Southampton City Council as part of plans to save Â£30m over the next three years.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places.
League Two side Huddersfield Town have signed Wales Under-19 midfielder Josh James on a season-long loan deal.
A man and a woman have been found dead at a house in West Yorkshire.
Hull City defender Andrew Robertson has been ruled out of Scotland's World Cup qualifier against England next month because of a calf injury.
The family of a schoolgirl found dead in a canal have said they remain "stunned" that a convicted murderer was allowed to live in the UK.
Dozens of people have been killed in an attack on a village in northern Afghanistan, officials say.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 16-year-old was stabbed to death in south London.
Rolf Harris has gone from national hero to national pariah in the blink of an eye.
The boss of PSA Group, which is in talks to buy Vauxhall, is to meet Prime Minister Theresa May.
One of Scotland's biggest salmon producers has reported a loss for the three months to the end of September.
Northern Ireland's former enterprise minister has called for an investigation into a multi-million pound PFI contract signed by Invest NI.
Scientists in the US say they have identified chemicals from sweetgrass that could be used as an insect repellent.
A jury has been discharged after failing to reach a verdict in the trial of a couple accused of having sex in front of a 16-year-old girl.
An app which helps people report litter has been taken to court by Google, claiming it infringes its trademark.
Tests on drinking water in a Cambridgeshire town have found "harmless organisms", Anglian Water has said.
In this week's Tech Tent, we look at virtual reality, artificial intelligence and the boom in video games online.
England beat Pakistan by an innings and 61 runs in the second Test at Lord's to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
The Japan Society of Northern Ireland has its headquarters in west Belfast.
David Cameron has said he is "open to the idea" of a joint UN resolution with France and the US to remove Syria's chemical weapons.
Former Conservative Party chairman Lord Ashcroft is recovering in hospital after suffering septic shock following the launch of his book about David Cameron.
The Taliban have captured Sangin district in the southern Afghan province of Helmand.
People living near an Essex prison have been warned to lock their doors after packages were thrown over the wall.
The Church in Wales is to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the ordination of its first women priests.
Councillors have been asked to approve the final outline design of a £50m flood defence scheme for the Borders.
Sinn FÃ©in's Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said his party has offered the justice minister to the Alliance Party.
The search for the bodies of a pilot and two winchmen who went missing in a helicopter crash in the Republic of Ireland has resumed.
It's been described as the world's largest gathering of people from around the world, and it's taken place in China.
An all-amputee team from the UK have become the first to row across the Atlantic Ocean.
A second turbine has been installed in the Shetland Tidal Array to generate electricity.
Carlisle United have signed Queens Park Rangers midfielder Brandon Comley on loan until the end of the season.
Two men who claim to have found a lost Nazi train in Poland say they have been given permission to reveal its location.
Bradford City have offered new contracts to goalkeeper David Darby and six other players.
In her first interview since becoming the new director of the Tate, Sarah Balshaw has set out her vision for the institution.
The CIA director John Brennan's personal email account has been hacked, according to documents released by a whistle-blowing website.
I'm watching a team of robots play in the RoboCup - the UK's version of the football World Cup.
A US tourist has been gang raped in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say.
Former World Cup winner Abby Wambach has admitted to police that she first tried cocaine at the age of 25.
Spain's Alberto Contador won the opening stage of the Criterium du Dauphine, beating defending champion Chris Froome by 13 seconds.
Teachers in England earn 22% less than their counterparts in other industrialised countries, according to the OECD.
Relatives of four Chinese men killed by British soldiers in Malaysia more than 70 years ago have lost an appeal against the ruling.
West Ham have signed Norway midfielder Vegard Nordtveit from Borussia Monchengladbach for an undisclosed fee.
Green Day have said they will return to Scotland after a concert in Glasgow was cancelled due to "safety issues".
Some schools in England are failing to meet the requirement of the school admissions code, says the chief adjudicator.
Tottenham extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to five points as they came from behind to beat Swansea.
Celtic captain Scott Brown has urged his team-mates to "get themselves together" and end the Premiership title race on a high.
Paris St-Germain have signed Real Madrid forward Jese Rodriguez on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
What do you do if you're a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly and there's no assembly to speak of?
Russia has begun a major military exercise in the south of the country, as its air force carries out air strikes in Syria.
A paramedic who made "offensive and derogatory" posts on a Stafford Hospital Facebook page has been struck off.
Israel's navy has boarded a boat carrying activists protesting against the blockade of the Gaza Strip, the military says.
Scotland's political parties have been campaigning across the country ahead of the general election on 7 May.
Mesothelioma victims who were exposed to asbestos at work will be able to claim compensation under a new scheme, the government has announced.
Bristol City missed the chance to move out of the Championship relegation zone as they were held to a draw at Blackburn.
League One side MK Dons have signed former Shrewsbury Town and Macclesfield Town striker Lee Barnett on a one-year deal.
South Sudan's former vice-president Riek Machar has said he will return to the country to fight against the government.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed down 0.4% at 6,965.
A man has died after being restrained by police.
Christianity has become "a focal point for all sorts of backward, indeed bigoted, thinking about homosexuality, about abortion, the right to die", Prof Richard Dawkins has said.
Raymond Aubrac, one of the last surviving members of the French Resistance during World War Two, has died at the age of 100.
Two men have been arrested in Nigeria on suspicion of engaging in acts of homosexuality.
Wigan Warriors moved back to the top of Super League with victory over Leeds Rhinos at Magic Weekend.
It is a name that has been synonymous with football for more than a decade.
Scotland's local authorities are ready to take in thousands of Syrian refugees, according to the Scottish Local Government Association (Cosla).
Graeme Shinnie's late strike gave Aberdeen victory over Apollon Limassol in the first leg of their Europa League second qualifying round tie.
A Canadian police helicopter has been criticised after its pilots were overheard having an expletive-laden discussion about money.
A teenager has been jailed for life for the murder of another teenager in north London.
Defending champion Andy Murray beat Italian Fabio Fognini in a five-set thriller on Centre Court to reach the last 16 at Wimbledon.
A man arrested in Germany over a bomb attack on the Borussia Dortmund team bus was motivated by financial greed, investigators say.
The family of a black man who died after being restrained by police have urged protesters not to take to the streets in search of justice.
Gillingham have appointed Kevin Pennock as caretaker manager until the end of the season, with Graham Taylor returning as director of football.
Police in India have dropped charges of sedition against seven Muslim men who were arrested for allegedly shouting anti-India slogans during the World Twenty20 cricket match.
Israel's defence minister has accused Turkey of allowing the Islamic State (IS) group to smuggle oil into the country.
The US government has said it will not grant an easement to cross a North Dakota lake to allow the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline.
An alpaca that was seriously injured in a dog attack in the New Forest has died.
A prison officer who was injured in a dissident republican bomb attack has died.
A man accused of murdering an Inverurie man was "in a bad way" when he was arrested, a court has heard.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says England interim boss Gareth Southgate has a "good opportunity" to prove he is the right man for the job.
Aberdeen's Jonny Hayes has won his appeal against his red card against Celtic on Saturday.
London Fire Brigade (LFB) has apologised after using the term "hipsters" to describe people who lost their businesses in a fire.
A man who was previously jailed for killing a man has admitted attacking another man at a Christmas party.
Gloucester City Football Club has submitted plans for a new stadium in Sudmeadow.
Police are investigating after Britain First members were filmed entering a Cardiff mosque.
A project has been launched to create 3D renderings of artefacts lost in the recent Mosul earthquake in Iraq.
More needs to be done to cut the number of people dying from alcohol-related causes in Wales, a report has said.
The wreck of a ship that sank in the English Channel more than 250 years ago is to be excavated for the first time.
As West Ham prepare to move from the Boleyn Ground to the Olympic Stadium, BBC London looks at the impact the move will have on the area's businesses.
Shrien Dewani, the man accused of murdering his wife, has been extradited from the UK to South Africa.
Terminally-ill patients in England, Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland are being let down by the NHS, according to a report.
South Africa bowled out England for 138 on the final day of the fourth Test to complete a series whitewash.
Jupiter's atmosphere has been mapped for the first time using the largest radio telescope in the world.
Argentina's government has proposed tougher penalties for attacks on teachers in a bid to improve the image of the profession.
Australian golfer Scott Allenby says he was dumped in a park in Honolulu, Hawaii, after being robbed at knifepoint.
Aberdeen face a "big test" when they take on Hibernian in Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden, says former Dons captain Jim Miller.
One of Osama Bin Laden's former bodyguards, Ahmed al-Bahri, has died, Yemeni officials say.
Chile's Calbuco volcano has erupted for the second time in a week, forcing the evacuation of more than 1,000 people from their homes.
A North Carolina Republican has won the party's nomination to challenge Democratic Senator Kay Hagan in November's election.
Manchester United season tickets were bought under a college's previous management team, the BBC has learned.
Cuts of up to 40% to the police budget in north Wales would be a "significant challenge", a senior officer has warned.
Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov has posted a video on Instagram threatening to kill Russian opposition leader Alexei Kasyanov.
The Belfast Giants were held to a 4-3 defeat by the Manchester Storm at the SSE Arena on Sunday night.
Russian newspaper Novaya Gazeta says it has received a threat of "retribution" from Muslim clerics in Chechnya after it reported on the persecution of gay people in the republic.
Star Wars actor Harrison Ford has confirmed he will return to the role of Indiana Jones.
Pace bowler James Anderson has become England's all-time leading one-day international wicket-taker after taking his 200th in the win over Australia.
Lloyds Banking Group has announced plans to close 100 branches across the UK by the end of the year.
UK pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline has agreed to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb's HIV drugs for $1.8bn (£1.1bn).
A poster of the Battle of the Somme has been sold at auction for £1,000.
The FA Cup qualifying rounds are in full swing, with teams from all over the world hoping to secure a place in the first round.
The Republic of Ireland's justice minister, Alan Shatter, has been at the centre of a number of high-profile controversies over the past five years.
Northampton Town midfielder Gaby Nsiala has left the club to return to his native DR Congo.
An anti-bullying charity has called for a gym's advert to be removed after it was branded "in poor taste".
Scientists say they have made a "significant breakthrough" in understanding why breast cancers spread to the bone.
Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel has been cleared of racially abusing referee Mark Clattenburg by the Football Association.
Valencia missed the chance to reach the Copa del Rey final as they were held to a draw by Barcelona at Mestalla.
The Legend of the Monkey, a classic Chinese folktale, is being remade in New Zealand, sparking a backlash in China.
Two previously unseen cels from one of Walt Disney's most famous films have sold for more than £20,000 at auction.
A man wanted by police in Australia has responded to an arrest warrant by posting a picture of himself on Facebook.
Anthony Joshua's promoter Eddie Hearn says he is in talks with Wladimir Klitschko about a world heavyweight title fight.
A lollipop lady was seriously injured when she was hit by a car which failed to stop, a court has heard.
Qatar must take "urgent action" to end exploitation of migrant workers ahead of the 2022 World Cup, rights group Amnesty International has said.
Google Street View has captured 360-degree images of some of Scotland's most famous canals.
Laptops made by Lenovo have been found to contain hidden adware designed to help users find the cheapest products.
Taylor Swift has won her second Grammy for album of the year for 1989.
Germany's economy grew faster than expected in 2016, according to official figures.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in County Antrim.
Italian police have arrested four teenagers accused of carrying out a series of robberies in Milan in the style of A Clockwork Orange.
The pilot of a Turkish F-16 fighter jet has died in a crash near the Syrian border, the Turkish military has said.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will challenge the presidential election result in the Supreme Court.
Katie Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales beat Kazakhstan 3-0 to record their third win in a row in Women's Euro 2017 qualifying.
Playboy magazine is to stop publishing naked women in its latest issue.
Felix Sturm retained his WBA middleweight title with a thrilling points victory over Matt Macklin in Belfast.
Jayaram Jayalalitha was one of India's most colourful and controversial politicians.
The chief constable of Lancashire Police has warned of a "devastating impact" on the force.
Scientists have discovered that critically endangered species can become self-sustaining as separate populations outside of their natural range.
Libya's defence minister has said he will continue in his post despite his resignation being rejected by the prime minister.
Venezuelan acting President Nicolas Maduro has said he will keep the room where his late predecessor Hugo Chavez was born.
EastEnders fans are having a party to find out who killed Lucy Beale.
Chesterfield midfielder Mathieu Gnanduillet has signed a new one-year contract with the League One club.
Leicester City are close to agreeing a deal to sign N'Golo Kante from Paris St-Germain.
Scientists say they have found a way to regenerate damaged livers using stem cells.
Ofcom will be able to fine mobile networks up to £20,000 a day if they fail to hit agreed service goals.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
The 60th anniversary of the Nazi death camp at Mauthausen in Austria is being marked this week, but it was not meant to be.
A Kent council has been accused of a "major administrative cock-up" after failing to claim more than £5m in compensation following the deaths of dozens of sheep.
Scottish League One leaders Livingston extended their lead at the top of the table to seven points with victory over Queen's Park.
An 88-year-old man has been reunited with his old bandmates after a 25-year gap.
Modern humans began interbreeding with Neanderthals much earlier than previously thought, according to new research.
Leading Syrian opposition figures have met for the first time since the anti-government uprising began in March.
Spanish police have used batons to disperse Leicester City fans who attacked officers during disturbances in Madrid.
Some schools in Wales are "gaming the system" by putting too many pupils in for GCSEs, the education minister has said.
Two 15-year-old girls have pleaded not guilty to stabbing a classmate 19 times as part of a plot to kill Slender Man.
One of the Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped in north-eastern Nigeria more than two years ago has been found safe and well.
A man has died following an incident at a house in south-east London.
Toshiba's US nuclear business, Westinghouse, has filed for bankruptcy protection.
Earth Wind & Fire were one of the most influential and influential groups of the 1970s.
No-one watches The Apprentice to see the winners.
The new series of Geordie Shore will see Nathan and Chloe return, with Nathan saying he's brought the show "up to date".
Trams are to return to Birmingham for the first time in more than 60 years, the city's transport authority has said.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel are still in contention for the Formula 1 world title despite a huge Mercedes advantage.
It's been more than a year since a massive earthquake hit Nepal in South East Asia.
Former Celtic and Hibernian midfielder Ahmed Feruz has absconded from a court in Glasgow where he was due to stand trial.
The coma of a US student held in North Korea for more than a year was probably caused by a respiratory arrest, his doctors say.
Alastair Cook made his first century since November 2013 as England drew with St Kitts and Nevis in their final warm-up game before the first Test against West Indies.
Welshman Liam Evans retained his WBO lightweight title with a unanimous points victory over England's David Ormond in Cardiff.
A group of Welsh language campaigners have staged a protest outside the Welsh government's headquarters in Llandudno.
The head of HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC), Mark Thompson, has told MPs he would review the tax affairs of footballers.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Darryl Gurney says he is "excited" about his future at the club despite their relegation from Division One.
The constituency of Mebyon Kernow in Cornwall will not stand in the general election on 8 June.
Two women have been taken to hospital after entering a burning house in Bournemouth.
Hundreds of rugby league fans have turned out for the funeral of Keighley Cougars player Adam Jones.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a new aid package for young people in the wake of protests against his labour market reforms.
Tributes have been paid to British MP Jo Cox, who has been killed in an assassination attempt.
More than £60m is to be spent on renting homes in Wales over the next three years, the government has announced.
Chelsea were knocked out of the Champions League as they were held to a goalless draw by Porto.
Monty Python star Michael Palin has been awarded a fellowship by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
The Prince of Wales urged Tony Blair to introduce a cull of badgers in England, newly-released letters reveal.
A man in his 50s has died following a two-vehicle crash on the M1 in County Armagh.
Norwegian Magnus Carlsen has beaten Russia's Sergey Karjakin in what was billed as the "match of the century".
A former Liberal Democrat peer who quit the party over Nick Clegg's leadership has said he wants a Labour-Lib Dem coalition to "save our country".
A man has been airlifted to hospital after his car was involved in a collision with a pick-up truck in Aberdeenshire.
Two orphaned baby otters are being cared for by a team of vets at the University of Bristol.
A deal by Natural Resources Wales (NRW) to buy timber from a sawmill operator may have breached EU state aid rules, the auditor general has said.
Alexandra Palace in central London is to be turned into a permanent home for the BBC, it has been announced.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says he is happy at McDiarmid Park, despite speculation linking him with bigger clubs.
Donald Trump has accused his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton of being "abusive" to women.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton was left "frustrated" by the referee's decision to award Celtic a late free-kick in the 3-3 draw at Ibrox.
People have been warned not to eat shellfish from two Argyll and Bute lochs after high levels of toxins were found.
Carlisle United have signed midfielder Mike Jones on a two-year deal following his release by Wigan Athletic.
Burnley midfielder Joey Barton's five-year Football Association ban for betting on matches has been extended by a year.
A son of nightclub tycoon David West has been jailed for eight years for the manslaughter of his father.
A video of a Chinese man setting up a retirement home for retired police dogs has been viewed more than 14 million times on social media.
The husband of a mother who died after giving birth to a baby boy has told a misconduct hearing there is "no evidence" two midwives knew she was ill.
The waters around Wales are "absolutely perfect" for the leatherback turtle, conservationists have said.
An American Airlines flight from Chicago to Miami was forced to abort take-off after an engine failure, the Chicago Fire Department says.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has denied ordering his finance minister to draw up a plan of defence in the event of a national emergency.
Hundreds of London Underground ticket offices are set to close as part of a £1bn revamp of the network.
A man has been charged in connection with an alleged racist attack on a woman in Buckinghamshire.
Germany's Thomas Jung remains on course to win the Badminton Horse Trials for the third year in a row.
Lives lost, families torn apart, a man beheaded in Syria.
A former Vatican secretary of state has donated €200,000 (Â£150,000; $250,000) to a children's hospital in Rome after a scandal over his alleged lavish lifestyle.
Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Woodstock and Lucy.
A judge in the US state of Ohio has ruled that the trial of two high school football players accused of raping a teenage girl will be held in public.
Muhammadu Buhari and Goodluck Jonathan are seeking re-election as president and vice-president of Nigeria.
Essex will not take anything for granted as they bid to become only the second team to win the County Championship in their first season back in Division One.
As the dust settles on the EU referendum campaign, here are some of the key take-aways from those who have been following the debate.
A corn snake has been found in the back of a van in Bridgend county.
Newport County boss John Sheridan saw his side come from behind to beat Exeter City and move off the bottom of League Two.
Exeter made it seven wins in a row as they thrashed 10-man Crewe at St James' Park.
Polish film director Andrzej Wajda has died at the age of 90.
An advert for the Independent newspaper may have been infected with malware, according to security experts.
Colombia's Marta Ibarguen won gold in the women's long jump at the Rio Olympics.
An ancient weir found in Southampton Water was built more than 1,000 years ago, it has been revealed.
"When in doubt, shoot first, ask questions later."
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A gold pendant found in a Viking burial in Norfolk has been declared treasure by a coroner.
A Lancashire NHS trust has been rated "outstanding" by the health watchdog.
West Brom's Jonny Evans is available to face Arsenal after recovering from a hamstring injury.
England opened their autumn international campaign with an emphatic victory over South Africa at Twickenham.
Comedian Jason Manford has turned to social media to find a job for his 80-year-old father.
The charity Clydeside Action on Asbestos has said it is increasingly seeing people from other areas of employment, and also more women.
Liverpool's mayor has set out plans to cut £90m from the city's budget over the next three years.
Liverpool fans are to be asked if they are in favour of safe standing at Anfield.
A 16-year-old girl who headbutted and punched a police officer at Dundee Sheriff Court has been detained for eight months.
Kurtis Rowe scored the only goal of the game as Doncaster beat Colchester 1-0 at the Keepmoat Stadium.
Britain's Johanna Konta and Andy Murray are through to the Australian Open semi-finals for the first time since 1983.
French centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron has agreed to join forces with a former prime minister to fight far-right leader Marine Le Pen.
Scottish actress Karen Gillan has been cast in the new Jumanji film.
Great Britain's Hannah Toulson won gold in the women's synchronised 10m platform at the European Aquatics Championships.
A man who admitted downloading and viewing child pornography has been spared jail.
An exhibition has opened at a Powis castle to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Police in the US state of Ohio have issued an arrest warrant for a man who sent them a selfie to help track him down.
A man who attacked two police officers with a machete in Belgium has been named by prosecutors.
UBS has been formally placed under investigation in France over alleged tax evasion and money laundering.
Renting in London is " unaffordable" for more than half of the city's families, according to a report by the charity Shelter.
The number of vacancies for children's social workers in England has risen by more than a third in the past year, official figures show.
Shares in discount retailer B&M have risen more than 9% after the company reported a fall in sales.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) says it will no longer seek full patent protection in the world's poorest countries.
A Northern Ireland health trust has agreed to pay £5.3m to the parents of a baby girl who suffered severe health problems after birth.
It's one of the most talked-about shows of the year - and now it's about to get even more popular.
The "northern powerhouse" of England's schools is being undermined by underachievement in some parts of the country, says Ofsted.
Political parties should not touch or handle a completed ballot paper, according to a report by the Electoral Reform Society.
Oscar-nominated actor Joaquin Phoenix has said the Oscars are "the stupidest thing in the whole world".
A man has admitted killing a man with a single punch in Edinburgh city centre.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side's focus has dropped since their FA Cup semi-final defeat.
Great Britain beat the United States to win the men's 4x200m freestyle relay at the World Championships in Russia.
A mechanic has been sacked after a dashboard camera recorded him driving a car at 57mph in a 30 mph zone.
Four people have been killed in an attack on a security compound in China's restive Xinjiang region, officials say.
Barclays has reported a fall in third-quarter profits after paying out £560m to settle claims in the US and foreign.
The world premiere of the new film Minions has taken place in Los Angeles.
US President Donald Trump has said he believes his predecessor Barack Obama is behind protests against his administration.
More than a third of staff at Queen's University in Belfast are unhappy with the way the university is run.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempting to steal £50,000 from a cash machine in Manchester.
Prisoners in England and Wales are not getting the mental health support they need, according to a report by two charities.
Former Wales captain Martyn Williams says Dan Biggar's decision to sign a new four-year contract with Ospreys will benefit the region.
The festive season is here again in London, with many of the capital's streets lit up with Christmas lights.
The Killers singer Brandon Flowers talks to the BBC about his new album, The Desired Effect, and why he's "not ashamed" of being a pop star.
A teenager who died of leukaemia after proposing to his girlfriend has been buried.
A leading Australian politician is calling for a four-day working week.
British swimmer Jack Burnell has described the decision to disqualify him from the Olympic men's 100m backstroke as "outrageous".
Glamorgan director of cricket Ashley Rudolph says the team are "refocused" ahead of Friday's County Championship game against Leicestershire.
Ford has reported better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of the year, helped by a strong performance in Europe.
A man accused of murdering a police officer has told a court he had no intention of harming the officer.
Leeds United managing director David Haigh has resigned following the takeover of the club by Massimo Cellino's GFH group.
A Cornwall council is considering a council tax rise as it faces a £580,000 budget shortfall.
The leader of Spain's main opposition Socialist party has lost a vote of confidence in parliament.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his players will be better for the experience of playing New Zealand.
An ambulance has been involved in a crash with two cars in Lincolnshire.
Poland's Football Minister Mateusz Pohorecki has defended his country's decision to co-host the 2012 European Championship.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has unveiled a portrait of himself at the National Portrait Gallery in Edinburgh after missing Westminster's debate on Syria.
A new report has set out the case for extending the Borders Railway.
Campaigners have welcomed news that a feasibility study is to be carried out into extending the railway from Hawick to Carlisle.
A growing number of tech firms are developing gadgets that are designed for the over-65s.
The Isle of Man's King Edward Pier has reopened after it was damaged when a packet ship hit it in high winds.
Shane Meadows is to return to Channel 4 for a sequel to his film This is England '86.
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has said he is "open-minded" about a review of the Freedom of Information Act.
Ricky Burns lost his IBF featherweight title to Julius Indongo on a unanimous points decision at the Hydro in Glasgow.
As Northern Ireland prepares for the arrival of hundreds of Syrian refugees, BBC News NI has been following the work of a group of volunteers in the Mourne mountains.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who died in a house fire in Fraserburgh in 2014.
A man thought to have been involved in an attempted abduction at RAF Marham was not one of the suspects, police have said.
North Korea has failed to launch a ballistic missile, South Korean officials say.
MSPs on Holyrood's finance committee have called for "greater transparency" over local government budgets.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched what it says will be the world's first real-time Earth observation network.
Catalans Dragons suffered their second Super League defeat of the season as Hull FC ran in 10 tries at the Stade Gilbert Brutus.
Plans to build up to 1.5 million homes on greenbelt land in Greater Manchester have been delayed.
Thousands of British soldiers have complained about their new body armour and rucksacks.
Rangers have signed Stoke City striker Joe Gordon on loan until the end of the season.
A troupe of elves has said it may not return to the same town next year after being attacked by a group of youths.
A march by ex-soldiers calling for an independent inquiry into the prosecution of Troubles-era killings has been rearranged.
Former England and Chelsea defender Paul Le Saux says football needs to "face its demons" if gay players are to succeed in the game.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of an Iron Age settlement in Dorset.
People who are deaf or hard of hearing in Wales need more specialist help to find work, a charity has said.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he is "happy with the squad I have" but is prepared to listen to offers for some players.
The SNP could raise up to £1.2bn a year if it wins the Holyrood election, according to a think-tank.
A court in Japan has sentenced former Olympus chief executive Kazuyoshi Kikukawa to five years in prison for insider trading.
An Egyptian court has postponed the verdict in the retrial of three journalists accused of collaborating with the Muslim Brotherhood.
A teenager who was stabbed to death in east London has been named by police.
Saracens lock Alex Kruis has been included in England's training squad for the first time since being cited by the Rugby Football Union.
An outbreak of Dengue fever in Burkina Faso has killed at least 11 people, the World Health Organization says.
Plans for a visitor centre at the site of the Battle of Naseby have been given a £9,900 boost.
Nottingham Forest have signed Greece Under-21 midfielder Apostolos Bouchalakis for an undisclosed fee.
At least 30 people have been killed in an air strike by the US-led coalition against so-called Islamic State (IS) in eastern Syria, activists say.
A Londonderry teacher with learning disabilities has been named BBC Music Day's Unsung Hero.
A hospital which is "desperate" to recruit new nurses has asked for help from overseas.
Two Israelis have been killed in a car-ramming attack in the occupied West Bank, the Israeli military says.
Conor McGregor says he will knock out Floyd Mayweather "in four rounds" in their super-fight on 26 August.
Downing Street is providing no details about the £72,000 the PM received for selling "other shares" beyond his investment in Blairmore Holdings.
Hundreds of people have attended a ceremony to switch on a church's floodlights, more than two years after they were stolen.
Seven Iranians have been charged in the US over a series of cyber attacks on US energy and water companies.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Brighton & Hove Albion teenager George Roberts on loan until the end of the season.
A Swansea University building is to undergo a £2.5m revamp.
More than 90% of employers in England and Wales have now enrolled their workers into a pension.
A man has been given a suspended prison sentence for starting a fire that destroyed a former seaside resort in Devon.
Fleetwood Town have signed Swindon Town midfielder Joe Burns on loan until the end of the season.
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff has said the country is ready to host the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Pakistan has condemned a US drone strike in the north of the country that killed at least 11 people, officials say.
The life and work of Scotland's most famous detective is being celebrated.
Two nurses who falsified patient records and failed to check blood glucose levels have been jailed.
A judge in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais has lifted a ban on the construction of a controversial hydro-electric dam.
The RSPB has said it is "extremely concerned" about the number of little terns nesting at a site in Norfolk.
A baby pine marten has been captured on camera for the first time in Wales.
A Scottish woman who was jailed in Peru for trying to smuggle cocaine into the UK has arrived back in Scotland.
The Pensions Regulator is launching a campaign to get more people to sign up to a workplace pension.
A man accused of murdering his partner thought about jumping off a cliff, a court has heard.
A performance of a Donizetti opera at the Royal Opera House in London was interrupted by a fire alarm.
Tributes have been paid to Dr John Hinds, one of Northern Ireland's leading trauma experts, who has died in a motorcycle accident.
Brendan Foley was one of the greats of Irish rugby.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has launched an app to help people check if their wi-fi is working properly.
Graeme McDowell's hopes of winning his first European Tour title were dashed as he carded a three-over-par 75 at the Turkish Airlines Open in Istanbul.
Surgeons are trialling 3D printing on human tissue in a bid to reconstruct lost body parts.
The Pacific islands of Palau are home to more than 20,000 people, and are one of the world's smallest countries.
Napoli missed the chance to go top of Serie A as they were held to a draw by AC Milan.
Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars have been added to the list of songwriters for their hit Uptown Funk, following the Blurred Lines court case.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has called for "more understanding and trust" between his country and the US.
A councillor has accused an MP of being a hypocrite for opening a Coca-Cola shop in his constituency.
A police unit has been criticised for failing to investigate a rape allegation against a man who went on to kill his children.
The wife of a British man found dead in Myanmar (Burma) has said he was murdered.
More than 1,800 Palestinians have been killed in the six-month conflict between Israel and Gaza, the United Nations says.
Great Britain's medal haul at the London 2012 Olympics was the best in the Games' history.
The roll-out of a new telephone system for NHS 24 in Wales has been delayed again.
A man has died and another is in a critical condition after being stabbed in Birmingham.
If you want to know what's going to happen in Greater Manchester in the general election, then this is the week to do it.
Welsh Water has launched a new tariff aimed at helping those who struggle to pay their water bills.
Aston Villa boss Remi Garde has been named in the Daily Mirror's team of the week.
Premiership champions Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki on a short-term deal.
The Catholic Church in Ireland should apologise to the families of unwed mothers who died at mother-and-baby homes, the archbishop of Dublin has said.
A member of the Hatton Garden raid gang offered to hand over a smaller stash of gold and gems to police, a court has heard.
The Singing Sewermen have released a Christmas song to highlight the problem of fat blocking London's sewers.
Valve has announced a major overhaul of the way games are published on its Steam service.
An Iranian court has sentenced a man to 10 years in prison for spying for the US and Britain, state media report.
Former celebrity publicist Max Clifford told police he "gyrated around" when asked about an allegation he indecently assaulted a woman, a court has heard.
A new species of thrush has been discovered in India's Arunachal Pradesh state.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor traded insults as they continued their preparations for their super-fight in Las Vegas next month.
A man has admitted attacking a man with a baseball bat during a break-in at his home in South Lanarkshire.
Olympic gold medallist Chris Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain's four-man bobsleigh squad for the World Championships.
Two men died when a paint-spraying booth they were working in exploded, an inquest has heard.
The Cotswolds home of author John Fowles is to be opened to the public for the first time in more than 50 years.
Ben Woodburn became the youngest player to score in an EFL Cup quarter-final as Liverpool beat Leeds to reach the semi-finals for the first time.
West Ham have been told by the Information Commissioner's Office to make public the terms of their deal to rent the Olympic Stadium.
The Prince of Wales has said religious persecution around the world is "beyond all belief".
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has announced plans for a new funding formula for England's schools.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, said in his Budget on Wednesday that he wanted to raise as much money as he could from tax by 2020-21.
The first thing that struck me when I first sat down with Henry Blofeld in the commentary box of Test Match Special (TMS) was how much he enjoyed talking about cricket.
Real Madrid continued their 100% start to the season with a comfortable win over Real Sociedad at the Bernabeu.
Pakistan's first law recognising Hindu marriages has come into effect.
Harlequins have signed Toulon fly-half Demetri Catrakilis.
More than 3,000 people have been told to leave their homes in two villages near a volcano in Guatemala, officials say.
Scientists say they have developed a blood test that can tell you how fast your body is ageing.
A woman from Gwynedd has said her mobile phone "probably saved her life" after she was injured in the Manchester attack.
Russia says it was "miscalculated" when its warplanes bombed a building in the Syrian town of al-Bab, killing seven Turkish soldiers.
A plan to reorganise the NHS in Merseyside and Cheshire has been criticised by a senior councillor.
Two fishing boats have been rescued after running aground in Dartmoor harbour.
The body of a woman has been found after a fire at a house in the Highlands.
Passengers stuck on a South West Trains train for more than four hours had to get off and walk across the track.
Four former soldiers and a civilian have been jailed for their part in a plot to smuggle guns and drugs into the UK.
A couple have been found guilty of murdering a man who they accused of being a witch.
In our series of letters from UK journalists, film-maker and columnist Mark Lowen looks at the threat posed by cyber-security to small businesses.
The future of the BHS pension scheme could be decided by the Pension Protection Fund (PPF), BBC Wales has learned.
A man in his 20s has died following an incident in Dublin city centre.
A woman has died and another has been seriously injured in a two-car crash in East Lothian.
It has been a mantra of the British and Irish governments for months now that the Irish border will not be an issue in the UK's negotiations with the European Union.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said the High Court ruling on the triggering of Brexit should not be used to try to block the UK's exit from the EU.
A 3D-printed version of human cartilage has been developed by scientists in the US.
The future of Cleethorpes Pier has been secured after it was bought by a local businessman.
"I was working on a Monday morning and there was no-one on the floor," says John Haynes.
League Two side Crawley Town have re-signed midfielder Sam Bobson on a one-year deal following his release by Liverpool.
The return of the University Boat Race has taken place in Newcastle.
The Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and other warships have entered the English Channel from the Norwegian Sea.
Images courtesy of Dronestagram, National Geographic and National Geographic France.
West Ham have signed Fenerbahce striker Nwankwo Emenike on a season-long loan deal.
Thieves used a dumper truck to smash through the front doors of a bank and steal an ATM.
England and Wales will meet in the last 16 of the World Snooker Championship on Saturday.
The mother of a teenager who died in a car crash in the Highlands has paid tribute to her "gorgeous girl".
Sweden's Henrik Stenson won his first European Tour title with a one-shot victory at the Dubai Desert Classic.
The bodies of the co-pilot of the Germanwings plane that crashed in the French Alps last week have been found, prosecutors say.
Botswana's president has ordered the arrest of an American pastor who made homophobic remarks on a local radio show.
Wales full-back Liam Williams will miss Scarlets' opening Pro12 game of the season against Zebre on Saturday.
Maidenhead United striker Jamie Campbell is playing football for the first time in more than a year.
Plans to merge railway policing into Police Scotland have been tabled at Holyrood.
Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers has confirmed that the Stormont Executive is to borrow £700m to pay off thousands of civil servants.
Ross County have re-signed midfielder Jim O'Brien on a permanent deal.
When Maria Sharapova beat Serena Williams in the final of the Australian Open on Sunday, she did not know who some of the world's most famous sportsmen were.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of sexually abusing two boys at a children's home.
The National Assembly for Wales should be given the power to call itself the Welsh Parliament, AMs are to be told.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has described David Cameron's final cabinet meeting as "emotional".
Plans for a £100m creative hub in Carmarthenshire have been rejected by the Welsh Government.
Scientists at Paignton Zoo are studying how a specific breed of honey bee has survived a deadly disease.
A £325,000 settlement offer has been made in a long-running dispute over plans for a "mega mosque" in Dudley.
French police have arrested three people in connection with the robbery of reality TV star Kim Kardashian West.
It is funny the things you remember, but that one tender and fleeting image is impossible to forget.
Former Leeds Rhinos, Wakefield Trinity and Wasps scrum-half Adam Smith had a glittering rugby league career before deciding to switch codes.
The father of two Australian children who were allegedly abducted in Lebanon has said he will not drop abduction charges against their mother.
Scientists at Cardiff University have developed a new way to identify cancer cells.
Bristol have signed Leinster scrum-half Tom Harris-Wright on a two-year deal.
A lorry driver has been jailed for four years for causing the deaths of a couple in a crash.
The number of new house sales fell in April for the first time since 2008, according to surveyors.
Nigeria's new President Muhammadu Buhari has promised to tackle corruption and tackle the country's huge debts.
Scarlets scrum-half James Davies has apologised after being sent off in Sunday's European Champions Cup defeat by Toulon.
The body of children's author Helen Bailey could have been dumped in a cesspit, a court has heard.
Tom Daley won silver in the men's synchronised 10m platform at the World Aquatics Championships in Budapest.
Plans to build more than 300 homes in Flintshire have been given the go-ahead.
Rock star David Bowie has died at the age of 69.
Singapore-based Olam International has been accused of buying palm oil from "rogue" producers in Indonesia, which may be contributing to the annual haze caused by forest fires.
The Shadow Advocate General for Scotland, Lord Davidson, has been caught on camera apparently praising China's economic policies at a conference in Lhasa.
A shark has been found dead on a beach in Pembrokeshire.
Scientists say they have a new explanation for why global temperatures have slowed down since the year 2000.
The January transfer window is about to close, which means clubs and agents are scrambling to secure the best possible deal for their players.
A council has been ordered to pay compensation to a family whose home was destroyed by a landslip.
Alexis Sanchez scored the only goal of the game as Arsenal beat 10-man Hull to move up to third in the Premier League.
Facebook has said it is working with police to remove accounts belonging to convicted child sex offenders.
Aaron Ramsey scored on his return from injury as Arsenal beat Norwich to secure fourth place in the Premier League.
Derbyshire have appointed Graham Barnett as their new head of elite performance.
Australia captain Steve Smith says England should consider dropping Keaton Jennings as an opening batsman ahead of the Ashes.
Regulators are investigating whether more former HBOS executives should be banned from the banking industry.
NHS Lothian has suspended a cleaner who got the name of a patient on Facebook while she was in hospital.
Troops in the Philippines say they are in "complete control" of the city of Marawi after weeks of fighting with Islamist militants.
The Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union has accused Southern of "targeted harassment".
Five teenagers have been arrested after a laser pen was used to distract a pilot as he approached Edinburgh Airport.
A man who raped a woman as she walked home from a night out has lost an appeal against his sentence.
Derbyshire have extended the contracts of Shiv Thakor and James Godleman.
Two Polish police officers have been sent to a town where a Polish man was murdered.
As the UK prepares to vote on whether to stay in or leave the European Union, BBC News takes a look at the campaigning by expats in Australia.
An athletics club has been told it can no longer train in Windsor Great Park.
Jess Glynne is to play four more dates at Wembley Stadium, making her the first artist to play the stadium five times.
Ben Eden scored four tries as Super League leaders Castleford ran in 10 tries to thrash Leigh Centurions.
The number of plastic carrier bags thrown away in England has more than doubled in the last three years.
Protests continue in the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, following the fatal shooting of a black man by a white police officer.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Belfast for the final day of the city's Pride festival.
The UN tribunal investigating the killing of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri has opened its first hearing in The Hague.
Boris Johnson has emerged as the frontrunner in the race to become the next prime minister of the UK.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius will have to remain behind bars for at least another year, his lawyer has said.
The family of a 15-year-old boy who broke his spine trying to get away from bullies have told Newsbeat he is "lucky to have survived".
A group of musicians in South Sudan have called on the country's warring factions to stop fighting and to forgive each other.
Roberto Babenco, the director of the 1987 Oscar-nominated Kiss of the Spider Woman, has died at the age of 83.
Scientists in the UK and Switzerland have developed a robot that builds other robots.
Ed Sheeran has given his "whole wardrobe" to charity shops in a bid to raise money for children's hospices.
Tanzania's Health Minister Hamisi Kigwangalla has been criticised on Twitter for ordering three men he accused of being gay to report to police for "spreading" homosexual activity on social media.
A 79-year-old man has died after falling into the River Leith in Edinburgh.
Krystian Pearce was sent off as Mansfield Town beat Dagenham & Redbridge to move off the bottom of League Two.
Six people have been arrested following disorder at a football match, police have said.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his sister by setting fire to her home.
Two men have been arrested in connection with a fatal hit-and-run crash in Rotherham.
Newport County striker James Washington has said he is "proud of his achievements" after scoring twice in Northern Ireland's last two games.
A Grade II-listed manor house has reopened to the public after a £2.5m revamp.
A British couple have become the first married couple to compete in the World Para-athletics Championships in Finland.
The United Nations has welcomed the ratification of a treaty aimed at curbing the global arms trade.
The Great Manchester Run and athletics' Great CityGames have been given the go-ahead following Monday's terror attack in the city.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a motorcyclist was killed in a collision with a car.
Essex spinner Simon Harmer says he is "riding the wave" after taking four five-fers in two matches for the first time in his career.
An inquiry into the provision of education and training to prisoners in England and Wales has been launched by the justice secretary.
Brazil is not the first country in Latin America to experience a military coup.
They are students, they are green, and they are about to take the world by storm.
A jockey who was found drunk at the wheel of his car has been banned from driving for two years.
Swansea council is set to move its offices from the seafront to the site of a former nightclub.
A dog found abandoned on a road in Kent with its tail docked has been found to have had her claws removed.
A man has been shot dead in a bar in Dublin city centre.
Sale Sharks prop Vadim Cobilas has joined French side Bordeaux-Begles on a two-year deal.
Dundee United have signed Scott Keatings from Hibernian on a two-year deal.
Mortgage approvals rose at their fastest pace for more than a year in July, as homeowners locked in low interest rates ahead of an expected rate rise.
The father and stepfather of British woman Shazia Shahid have appeared in court in Pakistan charged with her murder.
Chinese search giant Baidu has unveiled its first artificial intelligence (AI) that can be controlled by voice.
Lorry drivers caught using their mobile phones while driving have been warned by police.
British number two Kyle Edmund beat American Sam Querrey in straight sets to reach the second round of the Gerry Weber Open in Belgium.
Nigeria's former defence minister Bello Haliru Mohammed has appeared in court charged with fraud and money laundering.
Police are searching for a father and his two children who have gone missing from their home.
Christian Pulisic scored a late equaliser as Borussia Dortmund came from two goals down to draw with Ingolstadt.
Voting is under way in the General Election in Cheshire.
Scotland's Alan Forsyth is relishing the prospect of playing against some of the world's top players at the Hockey World League semi-final in London on Saturday.
A drugs expert has warned people not to take'superman' ecstasy pills after at least four people died in recent weeks.
Ex-Nokia chief executive Stephen Hart and economist Erik Holmstrom have won the Nobel economics prize.
Snow has blanketed much of southern Italy, causing power cuts and disrupting recovery work in towns hit by earthquakes.
The European Medicines Agency (AZ) has announced a $1bn (Â£700m) programme to develop new medicines based on the human genome.
St Helens have announced plans for a major redevelopment of the club's home ground.
Lambing season is a busy time for farmers, with thousands of baby sheep being born across the UK.
Two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries following a disturbance at a nightclub in Dundee.
Bottles of whisky recovered from the wreck of a cargo ship more than 70 years ago have been sold at auction for £5,000.
A police force has apologised after a "sexual stereotyping" image of a murder victim was used to win a sandcastle competition.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union has been met with a mixed reaction in the Baltic states.
Talks to sell Silverstone Circuit have been put on hold following the sale of Formula 1 to Liberty Media.
Two pilots who took part in the Battle of the Rhine in World War Two have been honoured at a Gloucester museum.
Rio Tinto has raised its takeover offer for Australian steelmaker Riversdale from A$3.9bn to A$4.1bn.
An opposition leader in the Democratic Republic of Congo has called for a boycott of a referendum on extending the president's rule.
Leinster have re-signed Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal.
A cyclist who died after being involved in a crash with a pick-up truck has been named by police.
A five-year-old boy with a rare form of neuroblastoma has lost his fight against the disease, his family has said.
South Korean tech giant Samsung has agreed to buy US car parts maker Harman International for $2.3bn (£1.9bn).
The EFL Cup third round, Scottish League Cup quarter-finals and Premier League play-off semi-finals have been announced.
Peterborough United have signed striker Jordan Lloyd from non-league side AFC Fylde for an undisclosed fee.
Plans for a major redevelopment of a former seaside venue in Cornwall have been given the go-ahead.
A man accused of killing an Indian man and wounding another in Kansas has been charged with murder.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of entertainer Keith Harris in Blackpool.
George Marshall scored a hat-trick as Gloucester came from behind to beat Sale Sharks and move into the Premiership's top six.
Google has been ordered to hand over details of people who left fake reviews of a Dutch children's nursery.
Non-league Westfields will travel to League Two Curzon Ashton in the second round of the FA Cup.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order aimed at protecting the rights of religious groups.
A mother and daughter who filmed a far-right leader shouting racist abuse at a rally have said they do not want to be intimidated.
A man has been found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving after a fight at a Dorset holiday park.
Portland Timbers won the Major League Soccer Cup for the first time as they beat Columbus Crew 2-1 in a dramatic final.
Two Hillsborough campaigners have been made MBEs in the New Year Honours list.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) says it is "greatly interested" in a South Korean proposal to co-host the 2018 Winter Olympics with North Korea.
Footage has emerged of the moment a gunman opened fire at Turkish journalist Selahattin Dundar's home in Istanbul.
Carmarthenshire council has said it wants to turn the city's Guildhall into a "self-sufficient" service centre.
Burmese opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi is to be honoured at this year's Brighton Festival.
The Duke of Cambridge has announced his retirement from the Royal Air Force.
The US Senate has voted against a UN treaty aimed at protecting the rights of disabled people.
UKIP's new leader has questioned the "legitimacy" of the High Court ruling that Parliament should vote on when to start the process of leaving the EU.
More than 1,700 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in an attempt to break the world record for the most children reading aloud at the same time.
Spanish rider Dani Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race in more than two years to move closer to the world title with victory in the Japanese Grand Prix.
JK Rowling has defended herself on Twitter after being called a "traitor" and "a traitor" by some of her followers.
A coroner's report into the death of Iranian blogger Sattar Beheshti has concluded that he died of shock.
A World War One aerodrome in Dorset has been given listed status.
A man has appeared in court charged with two counts of attempted murder.
The number of criminal trials in Scotland's sheriff courts has risen to 95%, according to a new report.
A new police horse has been named after an island in the Western Isles.
A man has been charged in connection with a ram-raid on a Fife supermarket.
The nominations for this year's MTV Europe Music Awards (EMA) have been announced, ahead of Sunday's show in Glasgow.
At least seven people have been killed in shelling on the first day of school in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, officials say.
The trial of a Dublin teenager held in an Egyptian prison for more than two years has been adjourned until next month.
A group of Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme recipients are meeting to discuss their future.
Ulster University (UU) has warned that the vote to leave the European Union could lead to a drop in the number of EU students in Northern Ireland.
Hull City have completed the signing of Palermo striker Abel Hernandez for a club-record fee and Newcastle winger Hatem Ben Arfa for an undisclosed fee.
Big Ben's 150th anniversary is to be marked with a series of events in the capital, it has been announced.
A baby wombat has been born at a wildlife refuge in Australia for the first time in five years.
England coach Steve McNamara says he is in "no rush" to sign a new contract after his side's series win over New Zealand.
A man who raped and murdered an Irish woman in Melbourne, Australia, has been found guilty of five more rapes.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are to attend a memorial service for their mother, Princess Diana.
The sale of ARM Holdings to Japan's Softbank is a "disaster" for the UK economy, the chairman of the Cambridge-based chipmaker Lord Myners has said.
Soul singer Ray BLK has been named BBC Radio 1's Sound of 2017.
A Canadian theme park has been charged with six counts of animal cruelty.
Hibernian Ladies are through to the last 16 of the Scottish Women's Premier League Cup after a 2-0 win over Stirling Albion.
Mae Heddlu De Cymru wedi cael eu bod wedi derbyn adroddiad o "becyn amheus" yng Nghaerdydd.
More than 1,000 holidaymakers are still waiting to find out if they will get a refund after a Birmingham-based holiday firm collapsed.
The captain of the Italian cruise ship Costa Concordia, which capsized in January 2013 killing 32 people, has begun an appeal against his conviction.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "trying to find a compromise" to take another independence referendum off the table if Scotland is able to remain part of the EU single market.
Lebanese security forces have foiled an attempt to smuggle amphetamine pills into Saudi Arabia, state media report.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman is set to be extradited to the United States to face charges of drug trafficking and money laundering.
Archaeologists have uncovered the first evidence of people living in Scotland 3,000 years earlier than previously thought.
Chelsea and Manchester City have been charged by the Football Association for failing to control their players during Saturday's Premier League game.
The fossilised remains of a Stegosaurus dinosaur have been discovered in Argentina.
England footballer Adam Johnson has denied three counts of sexual activity with a child.
The new operator of the South Western rail service has failed to guarantee there will be a second member of staff on board its trains, a union has said.
Dinosaurs were able to cross from South America to Australia more than 100 million years ago because of changes in the global climate.
A light aircraft has crashed into a field in North Yorkshire.
One of the world's most powerful bankers has said the UK should not worry too much about what will happen when it leaves the European Union.
Protests have broken out in the Indian-administered Kashmir region after a temple was damaged in the city of Srinagar.
A legal challenge to the election of former Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael has been adjourned.
Braille paving stones which were supposed to spell out a poem have been described as "gobbledygook".
Lewis Hamilton says he needs to improve his consistency if he is to win a fourth world title.
The release date for Grand Theft Auto V has been pushed back.
Rotherham United have signed midfielder Jack Rothwell and defender Harry Maguire on free transfers.
The Department of Health has agreed to stop GPs, counsellors and psychotherapists in the UK offering gay conversion therapy.
One of the world's best-known cybersecurity experts says he has foiled a plot to send heroin to his home.
A health trust has been told to make "dramatic improvements" at two of its hospitals after inspectors found a culture of bullying.
Salmon sales in the first three months of the year helped to boost UK food and drink exports, according to the Food and Drink Federation (FDF).
Olympic gold medallist Katherine Grainger says her karate black belt was the "one thing" she would go to get if her house was on fire.
Dozens of pilot whales stranded on a beach in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu have died, officials say.
A man accused of murdering his former partner has told police he was trying to stop her from cutting herself.
League One side Gillingham have signed midfielder Jordan Emmanuel-Thomas on a two-year deal following his release by Championship side Loftus Road.
As the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal continues to burn, one of the most surprising uses for a boiler under the scheme has been revealed.
Tyrrell Hatton's second-place finish at the Scottish Open was not just his best European Tour finish of the year.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan said the second Test against Pakistan was "as good as I've seen" after his side beat Pakistan by an innings and 209 runs.
Kilmarnock have re-signed former Hearts midfielder Jamie Hamill.
Lindsey Vonn has become the most successful female skier of all time after winning the overall World Cup title for the second time.
The EU is "making concession after concession" to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over a proposed visa-free travel deal, Justice Secretary Michael Gove has said.
People have been using Your Questions to ask us what they want to know about the West Midlands.
Volkswagen has confirmed that up to 1.5m new cars in the US and Europe were fitted with software that allowed them to cheat emissions tests.
Voters in Nigeria are going to the polls to elect their new governors and state legislators.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been given a one-match touchline ban by Uefa.
The NHS in Northern Ireland has been under intense pressure over the past two years.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers, Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes and Partick Thistle boss Alan Archibald are in the running for the PFA Scotland manager of the year award.
As the Church in Wales prepares to elect its first female bishops, some of the first women to be ordained in the church have spoken of their experiences and hopes for the future.
The BBC's Spotlight programme has learned that some former paramilitaries who were injured during the Troubles are calling for a special pension for their injuries.
A white supremacist who shot dead two people and wounded three others outside Jewish sites has been sentenced to death.
Norwich City have completed the signing of Wigan Athletic defender Danny Wildschut for an undisclosed fee and Ajax midfielder Marvin Dijks on loan until the end of the season.
The Duke of Cambridge has completed his final shift as a search and rescue pilot at RAF Valley on Anglesey.
Stephen Dobbie scored a late winner as Queen of the South beat Alloa Athletic to reach the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-finals.
A police watchdog has said officers acted in a "proportionate and reasonable way" when dealing with a man who died after taking cocaine.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a Greek businessman and his wife and their housekeeper in Washington DC, police say.
Malaysia's film censors have approved the release of Disney's live-action remake of Beauty and the Beast.
The body of a man has been found on a beach in Swansea.
Australia's immigration minister Peter Dutton has accused the media of "trivialising" allegations of abuse at a detention centre on Nauru.
Prosecutors in Mexico have asked a judge to issue arrest warrants for the director of a nursery where dozens of children died in a fire in 2009.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl in West Yorkshire more than 50 years ago.
For many travellers, the hotel experience is not the most appealing part of the trip.
Chelsea midfielders Cesc Fabregas and Pedro have been named in Spain's first squad under new coach Julen Lopetegui.
Jyoti Mukherjee is the favourite to win this year's Man Booker Prize for Fiction.
Thousands of people have gathered in the Italian town of Tomatina to celebrate its 70th anniversary.
A mako shark has been caught off the coast of Pembrokeshire.
A video of a gorilla "dancing" has gone viral on social media.
As the Davis Cup final gets under way in the Belgian city of Ghent, BBC Sport's James Reynolds reflects on his experience of security at sporting events.
Scotland's nursing workforce is facing a "perfect storm" due to a "boom and bust" approach to recruitment, a union has warned.
The 1966 World Cup anthem sung by England's 1966 team has been released for the first time in more than 30 years.
A hacker has hijacked a large number of high-end printers to warn their owners that they have been hacked.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Aberdeen.
Macclesfield moved into the National League play-off places with a comfortable win at Wrexham.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has accused Labour and the Conservatives of trying to "put the genie back in the bottle" by blocking TV election debates.
The demolition of the so-called "Jungle" migrant camp in Calais has now been completed.
Egypt's new President, Abdul Fattah al-Sisi, has vowed to "defeating terrorism" in his first 100 days in office.
Gianfranco Zola's first game in charge of Birmingham City ended in a draw at 10-man Barnsley.
The Open University (OU) is using data analytics to identify students who may be struggling with their courses.
Women's Super League One leaders Manchester City extended their lead at the top of the table with victory over Birmingham City.
The number of undocumented immigrants arrested in the US has more than doubled in the first six months of the year, officials say.
West Indies batsman Chris Gayle has been suspended by the Big Bash League (BBL) after making "disrespectful and inappropriate" comments during an on-air interview.
A Brazilian man has been arrested after trying to smuggle cocaine into Italy in a pair of trainers.
The US and Afghan governments have reached an agreement on the withdrawal of US special forces from the Afghan province of Wardak.
Universities in Wales must "recapture a civic mission" after the UK's vote to leave the EU, the education secretary has said.
India is one of the world's fastest growing markets for dairy products.
The Doonhamers music festival has been cancelled after a fall in ticket sales.
Britain's Sir Ben Ainslie led Oracle Team USA to victory in a dramatic America's Cup final against New Zealand.
Pep Guardiola has made Manchester City "the best team in the UK", according to Swansea City midfielder Angel Rangel.
England's Laura Massaro and Nick Matthew will meet in Sunday's British Open final after both won their semi-finals.
Nine former workers at Londonderry-based Ilex are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive.
A number of wards at Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary have reopened following a norovirus outbreak.
An appeal has been launched to trace some of the children pictured in a series of "sobering" images of homelessness in the 1960s.
Two men have been charged with causing the death of a teenager in a car crash.
A third ferry has been brought in to replace the Condor Liberation which crashed into a quayside last month.
A former hotel chef has been given a suspended prison sentence for killing a feral cat in a Denbighshire kitchen.
A 24-hour strike by ferry workers in the French port of Calais has caused major disruption to cross-Channel traffic.
UK Anti-Doping (Ukad) is investigating claims Team Sky continued to inject riders despite a ban on the practice, the Press Association has learned.
A man has been cleared of stealing a cat from a Kent woman's home.
David Beckham has lost his Cockney accent since moving to the US, University of Manchester researchers have found.
Former Wales scrum-half Gareth Phillips says he is "massively surprised" by reports that Stade Francais and Racing 92 are to merge.
A new range of emoji flags for Wales, Scotland and England has been approved.
Shares in Lloyds Banking Group and RBS were among the biggest risers on the FTSE 100 after Scotland voted against independence.
Bullying is "on the increase" in Scotland, according to a report by MSPs.
Scots Gaelic speakers on the Western Isles have been targeted in an email scam.
League One side Rochdale have re-signed Shaun Whalley on a one-year deal.
Three cars have been involved in a crash in Aberdeenshire.
Coventry City Rugby Club has asked the city council to help it find a new home, the council has said.
Glamorgan director of cricket Hugh Morris says the county need to strengthen their fast bowling department ahead of the 2017 season.
Leicester Tigers hooker Danny Youngs says he is determined to regain his place in the England side after having back surgery.
Wales suffered their first defeat of the autumn internationals as Australia scored a last-gasp try to claim a dramatic victory in Sydney.
The home secretary has said it is "too early" to say whether net migration will feature in the Conservatives' election manifesto.
Rangers returned to the top of the Scottish Premiership with victory over 10-man Aberdeen at Ibrox.
David Cameron has said it is "time for our United Kingdom to come together" following the Scottish referendum result.
Scientists say they have developed a blood test which could help diagnose Alzheimer's disease.
The world's largest floating town has been unveiled in the waters off the coast of California in America.
Wales international Hal Robson-Kanu and Reading defender Rio Ferdinand have left the club, along with striker Jamie Cox.
A campaign group has called for Skegness' famous Jolly Fisherman to be changed.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has said he has been granted Russian citizenship.
England's Chris Waites has been knocked out of the World Indoor Bowls Championship in the semi-finals by world number one Jan Noppert.
Swansea City have held talks with ex-Birmingham City boss Gary Rowett and ex-Wales boss Paul Clement about the vacant manager's job.
Dundee have appointed Neil McCann as their new manager on a full-time basis.
Two Grade II-listed Victorian swimming pools and a 19th Century stately home are among the world's most endangered landmarks.
A chronology of key events:1..
The Scottish Conservatives have been accused of "complete contempt" after one of their MSPs missed a Holyrood meeting to attend a football match in Portugal.
One of the most extraordinary flowering plants in the world has bloomed for the first time.
More than 900 children under the age of 12 have been referred to the NHS's gender identity service in the past five years.
Bolivia's President Evo Morales has lost a referendum on whether he can run for a third term.
Championship side Sheffield United have re-signed Fulham midfielder Richard Stearman on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Leaders of the Tour de France were forced to abandon the race after a train came within 10m (32ft) of them as they crossed a railway line.
A football game in the US state of Washington produced a series of small earthquakes, seismologists say.
When seven of the world's biggest companies signed up to sponsor the 2014 Fifa World Cup, they did not expect the scandal engulfing football's world governing body to affect their bottom line.
England say Wales have scrummaged "terribly illegally" during their Six Nations campaign.
A man accused of punching a bride and groom at a wedding reception has told a court he was trying to defuse the situation.
British rider Cal Crutchlow won his first MotoGP race of the season at the United States Grand Prix.
Taliban fighters have been freed by Afghan forces after a raid in southern Afghanistan, Nato says.
The world's largest archipelago, Indonesia is made up of more than 17,000 islands, ranging from Java to Sumatra to Borneo.
Sainsbury's has reported a drop in sales for the third quarter, as it continues to fight off competition from discount chains.
A new genetic test for inherited heart conditions has been developed by the British Heart Foundation.
Hampshire moved to the top of the T20 Blast South Group as they beat Glamorgan by eight wickets at the Ageas Bowl.
A man has appeared in court charged with setting fire to a fishing boat off Peterhead.
A campaign group in Sri Lanka has released two previously unseen photographs of a five-year-old Tamil Tiger rebel who was shot dead in 2009.
Manchester City fought back from 2-0 down at half-time to beat Bayern Munich and reach the Champions League last 16.
A "Jekyll and Hyde" man who murdered two women has been jailed for life.
It is not the most famous British and Irish Lions film of all time.
A health trust that was placed in special measures after high mortality rates at Stafford Hospital has had its rating upgraded.
Bombay House in Mumbai is one of the most famous buildings in India.
Deportivo La Coruna have parted company with manager Alexis Sanchez by mutual consent.
A US college is returning a professorship to comedian Bill Cosby after he was accused of sexual assault.
Former champion Caroline Wozniacki will face American Sloane Stephens in the Rogers Cup final on Sunday.
A woman who was killed when a lorry crashed into a block of flats in North Ayrshire has been named.
Five teenagers have been sentenced for their part in a riot in Cwmbran in which more than 100 people were injured.
Jockey Frankie Dettori produced a masterful ride to win the 2000 Guineas for the third time in his career.
India's government has proposed a bill that would ban the creation and distribution of geospatial information, including online maps.
Rory McIlroy is in danger of missing out on the Race to Dubai title after a poor first round at the Tour Championship.
The National Portrait Gallery (NPG) has received a grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund to help it buy a painting of a former slave.
The public hearings into the death of former MP Lord Janner have been postponed until next year.
Voting has begun in local elections across England, including a by-election in South Shields.
Israeli officials have lifted a ban on Palestinians entering a holy site in Jerusalem, ending a 12-day stand-off over new security measures.
An eight-year-old Indian girl who went missing after a social media campaign has been found safe and well.
Police investigating the discovery of three human feet in a park have launched a new search.
Plans to turn part of the M4 into a "smart" motorway have been submitted to the government.
More than 100 homes in the Channel Islands have been found to have high levels of radon gas.
More than 1,000 people have attended a public meeting to discuss cuts to services in Bury St Edmunds.
Alastair Cook and Tom Westley hit centuries on the first day of the County Championship match between Essex and Hampshire at Chelmsford.
Two police forces in Yorkshire are to merge their dog units as part of cost-cutting measures.
Two police forces failed to spot a man driving the wrong way down a motorway before he crashed and died, an inquest has heard.
Linfield will face Celtic in the second qualifying round of the Europa League after holding San Marino's La Fiorita to a goalless draw in Belfast.
Plans to create 10 new marine protected zones in Welsh waters have been scrapped, the minister for natural resources has said.
Northern Ireland international Paddy Kenny has left League Two side Luton Town by mutual consent.
A man has been arrested after a police officer was hit by a car in Hamilton.
DNA belonging to a man accused of throwing acid in the face of a Sun journalist was found on a jacket at the scene, a court has heard.
A Celtic music festival is getting under way in the Western Isles.
The number of young women becoming nuns in the UK is at its highest level for 25 years, according to the Church in England and Wales.
Wolves striker Tomasz Zyro could be out for up to a year with a serious knee injury.
A British-Iranian woman jailed in Iran for five years has had her appeal against her sentence dismissed.
Bradford City reached the second round of the FA Cup for the second year in a row with a comfortable win over non-league Chesham.
An ex-police officer has called for an independent investigation into the murder of a woman in Derbyshire more than 40 years ago.
A police officer who Tasered a man who stabbed a woman to death at a hostel has told an inquest the attack was "unbelievable".
The head of the Organization of American States (OAS), Luis Almagro, has accused Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro of being a traitor.
A fire station in Berkshire is to close permanently.
If you are an ardent Brexiteer, stop before you crack open the champagne.
A man has appeared in court charged with drug offences following the death of a 15-year-old girl.
A five-year-old boy in New Zealand has won a NZ$1m (Â£700,000) bonus bond prize, the bank has confirmed.
Forest Green Rovers have signed 19-year-old midfielder Ben Davies on a two-year deal.
Commodities trader Noble has warned of a $1.2bn (Â£1.1bn) loss this year because of falling coal and oil prices.
Oscar Pistorius' former detective Hilton Botha is facing charges of attempted murder, the South African police say.
Kirsty Williams has been the leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats since 2007.
Nato needs to spend more money on defence, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
A court in Iran has arrested eight people suspected of being involved in online modelling.
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead won stage four of the Women's Tour as Netherlands' Marianne Vos retained the leader's yellow jersey.
A woman found dead at a house in Greater Manchester has been referred to the police watchdog.
The owner of a "dangerous" pit bull who has been kept in kennels for more than two years has launched an appeal against his dog's destruction.
Actress Michelle Yeoh has been named best actress at the Hong Kong Film Festival.
Britain's Emma Pooley has come out of retirement to compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
A man has pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was mauled to death by his dog.
A man has said he was "humiliated" after being removed from a Tube train twice for having wires in his bag.
Portugal's government has approved a law to give citizenship to descendants of Sephardic Jews, who were expelled from the country more than 500 years ago.
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in a tennis workshop organised by Andy Murray.
AFC Wimbledon's League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by Portsmouth.
The number of people killed in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than 40 years, according to new figures.
Warrington Wolves will host Wigan Warriors in the quarter-finals of the Challenge Cup.
Families in Northern Ireland are £7 a week better off than this time last year, according to a new report.
Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton extended his lead at the top of the Formula 1 standings with victory in the Italian Grand Prix.
Paralympic gold medallist David Whitehead has had his career documented in a new exhibition.
Jeremy Corbyn has asked Prime Minister's Questions for the first time, as David Cameron welcomed him to the frontbench.
More than 1,000 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa's Limpopo province, which has been battered by floods.
US tycoon Donald Trump has vowed to sue the Scottish government after it gave the go-ahead for an offshore wind farm in Aberdeen.
Plans to improve coach safety in Conwy town centre are being considered by councillors.
Ulster Bank has said it is working to fix a problem with its computer system that is affecting payments to customers.
A man arrested in Germany on suspicion of involvement in the Berlin Christmas market attack has been released without charge.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade says leading the club to the Championship play-off final would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Two arts directors on the Isle of Mull have been made redundant.
The European Union and 23 African countries have pledged $1.9bn (Â£1.1bn) at a summit in Valletta to tackle the migrant crisis.
The UK will need to "re-shaped" its energy mix over the next 20 years if it is to meet its climate change targets, a report says.
NHS England has announced it will publish the earnings of consultants who work in the private sector - but what does this mean for the rest of us?
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit and killed near Leicester railway station.
Bath secured their first Premiership win since Sam Burgess returned to the club with a bonus-point victory over 10-man London Irish.
A contract signed by the Beatles and their manager, Brian Epstein, has failed to sell at auction in New York.
Residents of the Israeli city of Tel Aviv say they are still adjusting to the fact that they are now within range of certain Palestinian rockets.
An 11-year-old Canadian boy has been offered a C$2,500 (Â£1,500) voucher by Air Canada after being refused a seat on an overbooked flight.
More 15-year-olds in Northern Ireland are satisfied with their lives than their counterparts in England, Scotland and Wales.
The number of flights in and out of the UK is set to hit record levels this summer, with air traffic controllers warning of delays and cancellations.
Reddit has removed its "warrant canary" from its website, sparking a debate about the legality of such disclosures.
Thousands of people in India have taken part in a selfie contest to raise awareness about the lack of women in the workforce.
Footage has emerged of Kenyan soldiers apparently looting during last month's deadly attack on the Westgate shopping centre.
Work is under way to clear up debris from beaches in Norfolk and Suffolk damaged by Storm Desmond.
A third person has died at a Carmarthenshire nursing home following an outbreak of flu-like symptoms.
Benedict Cumberbatch has revealed he helped a woman give birth to her first child.
A breast surgeon accused of carrying out sex attacks has told a court he did not "intentionally scare" patients.
A team of scientists from the UK's Arctic Mission are travelling to the Arctic Circle to raise awareness of the effects of climate change.
Google's first-quarter net profit rose 11% to $3.3bn (Â£2.9bn), compared with the same period last year.
Senga won the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Aintree as favourite Shutter Speed finished second.
Gateshead came from behind to beat Wrexham in the National League.
China has said it will not accept a UN ruling that invalidates its territorial claims in the South China Sea.
A PhD student at Glasgow University is using 3D technology to help doctors diagnose and treat people with facial paralysis.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of another man in West Lothian.
Leyton Orient have been sold to a consortium led by businessman Nigel Travis.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she would like to call an early general election.
A fire-damaged council headquarters is set to reopen on Monday, two councils have said.
The amount of money spent on private ambulances in England has more than doubled in the past five years, the BBC has learned.
Liverpool eased to a comfortable win over Burton Albion to move up to second in the Championship table.
England off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the remainder of the women's Twenty20 series in India with a shoulder injury.
New Ipswich Town defender Paul Taylor says he has been given the respect of the club's first-team players.
Police have released images of two men they want to speak to in connection with the rape of a teenage girl.
Gateshead have signed Newcastle United left-back Ben Atkinson on loan until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed as "ridiculous" reports that the CIA has concluded that Russia meddled in last month's election.
Portuguese shares and government bonds fell on Monday as investors reacted to the prospect of a left-wing government.
Welsh snowboarder Hannah Potter is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea.
Four men have admitted carrying out an armed robbery at a flat in Fife.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Coventry City midfielder Joe Reid on a one-month loan deal.
Cameron Toshack says he's ready to follow in his father's footsteps and become a first team coach at Swansea City.
Poorer young people are more likely to end up in the juvenile justice system, according to a new study.
A man who stalked and murdered his ex-girlfriend has been found guilty of her murder.
"I have never fallen off, but I have taken three people out of the saddle."
Gardeners have been warned not to eat raw sprouted seeds after an outbreak of E. coli in France.
A health group has said it will not re-tendering for a contract to run a hospital's fertility unit.
The M6 in the West Midlands has reopened after being closed for more than 24 hours following a crash in which a man died.
The girlfriend of footballer Adam Johnson has told his trial he told her "everything" about kissing a 15-year-old girl.
Britain's social mobility problem is getting worse, according to a report by the government's chief adviser on social mobility.
Israel's prime minister has accused Iran of violating a UN resolution by launching a ballistic missile.
A rail firm has been accused of "embarrassing itself" by promising a live feed of engineering work on the East Coast Main Line.
Belfast's Andrew Selby will fight in his home city of Cardiff on Saturday when he takes on England's Liam Norman in a super-featherweight bout.
Glasgow Warriors' Champions Cup campaign began with a heavy defeat by Northampton Saints at Scotstoun.
A round-by-round guide to the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
Sheffield United moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with victory over Chesterfield.
Welsh place-names are an important source of information for historians, geographers and linguists, who are hoping to form Wales' own place name society.
This is the most important general election since the last one, according to Labour.
Great Britain won four gold medals on the final day of the Rio Paralympics.
A senior judge is to review the Metropolitan Police's handling of child sex abuse allegations.
Japanese author Shigeru Yanagihara is the favourite to win this year's Man Booker Prize for Fiction, with US author Steven Tyler the second favourite.
A former chaplain to the Archbishop of Canterbury has criticised a cathedral's decision to read from the Koran during a service.
Norwegian mass killer Anders Behring Breivik has complained about the conditions in his prison cell, according to a leaked document.
Five-time major winner Phil Mickelson carded a six-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Open at Royal Troon.
Sources close to Jeremy Corbyn say they did not leak the draft of Labour's general election manifesto.
A drug that can clear the build-up of amyloid in the brain is "tantalising evidence" that a new treatment for Alzheimer's disease may be on the horizon, say scientists.
Justice Minister Peter McCann has called on Attorney General John Larkin to resign.
A man who stalked a university classmate has admitted hitting a shop worker in the head with a bottle after she criticised his book.
Atletico Madrid won the La Liga title for the first time in their history as they drew with Barcelona at the Nou Camp.
The port at Invergordon is being used to store parts for a major offshore wind farm.
A man suspected of killing his Scottish partner in Lapland has been jailed for life.
A man who played a key role in the development of radar technology in the Second World War has been honoured in Swansea.
Photographer David Jenkinson has taken to the streets of his home town to take pictures of his family and friends.
The Woodland Trust is calling for more trees to be listed as ancient woodland.
Hundreds of Afghan police officers have been released after a week-long siege by the Taliban, officials say.
Wales' traditional and world music traditions are being brought together for the first time in Cardiff Bay.
There has been a rise in the number of patients being transferred from critical care units in Wales, according to a report.
Former Swansea City boss Frank de Boer has been named as the new manager of Major League Soccer side Los Angeles Galaxy.
The UN says it has rescued 36 Yazidi people who were held captive by so-called Islamic State (IS).
Police in the Spanish town of Platja d'Aro have detained three German women after they were arrested for taking part in a paparazzi flashmob.
What are the top 10 teams of all time?
A powerful earthquake has hit Nepal, one of the world's most seismically active countries.
The chief executive of a health watchdog was suspended in February 2016, BBC Wales has learned.
The Knights of Malta have been celebrating their 900th anniversary with a special Mass at the Vatican.
Liz Carr, who played Liesl von Trapp in The Sound of Music, has died at the age of 91.
A 25-year-old man has been sentenced to five years in prison for sharing personal data with the so-called Islamic State (IS).
We've asked you to predict the top three before every race this season and, after the British Grand Prix, we got our calculators out and had a look at how many people got it right.
The National Crime Agency's (NCA) new chief constable Cressida Owens has been accused of "moral cowardice" by her predecessor.
Hospital staff at Carlisle Royal Infirmary have been made aware of a "potentially harmful substance" in a patient's system.
Tennis star Andy Murray has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Wales wing George North says he is not worried about not scoring enough tries after his hat-trick in Saturday's win over Ireland.
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen in February has been released and flown back to France.
Talks between Caledonian MacBrayne (CalMac) and the RMT union over a new contract are due to resume on Wednesday.
England captain Joe Root says Saturday's World Twenty20 match against Sri Lanka is a "must-win" game for his side.
More than 100 people are now known to have died in a disaster in Indonesia's Aceh province, officials say.
German police have arrested two Algerians suspected of planning an attack on the country by so-called Islamic State (IS).
Norwich City striker Kyle Lafferty has been fined £10,000 by the Football Association for betting on a Premier League match.
A man who advertised "lifts cheaper than taxis" on social media has admitted causing the deaths of two teenagers by dangerous driving.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested at Heathrow Airport on suspicion of terrorism offences.
Blackpool chairman Owen Oyston has been ordered to pay £30,000 to a fan who accused him of threatening him with a gun.
"There is no military solution to this crisis."
A Holiday Inn in Aberdeen has been put up for sale by the administrators of the hotel's owners.
Andre Ward says he will "make a statement" when he fights Sergey Kovalev in their rematch in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Plans to cut legal aid in criminal cases in England and Wales risk causing miscarriages of justice, the former chief judge of the Court of Appeal has warned.
The last surviving member of Adolf Hitler's personal entourage has died at the age of 99.
Ospreys moved into the Pro12 play-off places with a bonus-point win over Ulster in Swansea.
A company has been served with a health and safety notice after a fire broke out at one of the UK's deepest mines.
A woman who says she was sexually abused by a man as a child has told his trial he is a "monster".
Essex and Glamorgan will attempt to secure their places in the T20 Blast quarter-finals when they meet at Chelmsford on Saturday.
Three senior Brexit ministers are travelling to Mexico and Australia in a bid to secure trade deals after the UK leaves the European Union.
A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of affray after a football match was abandoned.
A man's body has been found in a drain in Lincolnshire.
A year on from the start of the conflict in eastern Ukraine, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire has returned to Pisky, one of the last villages in the rebel-held area of Donetsk.
Cardiff Devils head coach Scott Kelman says he does not feel bad for Sheffield Steelers, who will face the Welsh side in Sunday's Challenge Cup final.
Singer Phil Collins has been taken to hospital after falling at a concert in London on Wednesday.
A man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a mother who was stabbed in the neck while trying to protect her two-year-old daughter.
Snooker players have voted in favour of making the World Shoot Out a ranking event after a controversial first round.
London 2012 gold medallist Charlotte Dujardin will defend her World Cup dressage title at the Olympia in London on Wednesday, 16 December.
Shutter Speed, ridden by Frankie Dettori, won the Musidora Stakes at Newbury.
The Mexican authorities say they have found the bodies of 43 students who went missing in Guerrero state in 2014.
The National Theatre (NT) is considering introducing quotas to improve diversity, its artistic director Tony Norris has said.
Michael Dunlop set the fastest lap of the week in Thursday night's second practice session at the Isle of Man TT.
For miles around, the green hills of the Yorkshire Dales can be seen in the distance.
More than 70 jobs have been lost after a Belfast food chain went into administration.
A drugs gang believed to be worth up to £4.5m has been jailed.
A man has admitted causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving.
Junior doctors in England have voted to reject a new contract imposed by the government.
An RSPCA investigation is under way into the way dogs are cared for in kennels in Teignbridge.
Volkswagen has said it will stop production at five of its German plants this week because of a dispute with two suppliers.
Nick Clegg has said the Liberal Democrats would introduce a "Young Person's Bus Pass" to help young people access education and training.
Dwayne Bravo hit an unbeaten century as West Indies were beaten by Pakistan in the first day-night Test in Dubai.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) has been used to extradite more than 15,000 suspects across the EU since it was introduced in 2004.
Thousands of hospital and care home staff across the UK will be enjoying a festive feast on Christmas Day.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel headed Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in first practice at the Spanish Grand Prix.
The family of a British journalist who was found dead at a Turkish airport have said they believe she acted alone.
England fly-half Emily Scarratt has been ruled out of the Women's Six Nations with a knee injury.
A man who claims he was sexually abused by a BBC radio presenter has told a court he became "obsessed" with her after the alleged abuse.
Britain's Chris Froome and Australia's Richie Porte continue to lead the Criterium du Dauphine as Spain's Alberto Contador retained his overall lead.
Joe Cardle scored twice as Dunfermline Athletic beat 10-man Falkirk in the Scottish Championship.
A booklet on the EU referendum has been sent to every home in the UK as part of a campaign to encourage people to register to vote.
Antarctica's largest glacier, Totten, could reverse course and retreat further inland as a result of climate change, say scientists.
When Richard Nixon fired the FBI director, Archibald Cox, in October 1973, the reaction in Washington was swift and blistering.
Six offshore workers were exposed to low levels of radioactive radiation while working on a platform, it has emerged.
A man has been jailed for life for his role in the killing of a man in Essex.
Dozens of migrants are feared dead after their boat capsized in the Mediterranean, the Italian coastguard says.
The parents of Anni Dewani, who was shot dead in South Africa four years ago, say they will be in court every day during her husband's trial.
The third one-day international between England and Sri Lanka at Bristol was abandoned because of rain.
It's a year since plans for a combined Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire devolution deal were submitted to the government.
AFC Wimbledon have launched an investigation after Charlton boss Karl Robinson was racially abused by a fan during Saturday's 1-1 draw at Kingsmeadow.
Hibernian thrashed Bonnyrigg Rose to reach the second round of the Scottish League Cup.
Scotland have called up South African fly-half Alex Jones for the two Tests against Japan in June.
The Queen has sent her first ever tweet to mark her 90th birthday.
The Church of England's first woman bishop has been consecrated at York Minster.
Nottinghamshire fast bowler Jake Ball is in "fantastic form" with the ball, says head coach Justin Read.
The wife of a man who founded the independent state of Sealand off the Suffolk coast has died.
A British Ukulele Orchestra has lost a legal battle with a rival group in Germany.
Plans to test 11-year-olds in England on their times tables will go ahead, Education Secretary Nick Gibb has told MPs.
US President Barack Obama has ordered an investigation into an air strike on a hospital in Afghanistan which killed at least 13 people.
Seaview have signed former Crusaders defender Mark McChrystal on a two-year deal.
"Look at this tree," said Dedel, pointing to a branch of the andiroba tree.
Ulster Rugby has defended its decision not to wear a poppy at Sunday's Pro12 match against Newport Gwent Dragons.
Gateshead striker Adam Johnson has signed a new one-year contract with the National League club.
A huge video game archive has been discovered on the internet.
A Holyrood committee has backed plans to legalise same-sex marriage in Scotland.
The BBC has spoken to three whistleblowers who say they were involved in a scam that conned hundreds of TalkTalk customers out of thousands of pounds.
A hospital trust has been rated "inadequate" by health inspectors.
The Scottish government has said the downturn in the oil and gas industry is partly to blame for the country's poor economic performance.
A woman who had part of her ovary removed after cancer treatment has given birth to her first child.
A man who spent more than 23 years on death row in the US state of Pennsylvania has told the Victoria Derbyshire programme that he is lucky to be alive.
British number three Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric in straight sets to reach the second round of the Marseille Open.
The Brexit Bill is back in the House of Commons on Monday.
The head of the Republic of Ireland's Garda Síochána (Irish police) has said the force needs more recruits.
Curtis Paul has been with Swansea City for more than 40 years - and has been involved in every aspect of the club's history.
Emre Can's stunning solo goal in Liverpool's 1-0 win over Watford at Vicarage Road has been hailed as one of the goals of the season.
A trial to see if a drug could prevent type-1 diabetes in children is being launched in Scotland.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death.
India's biggest online retailer, Flipkart, has raised $1.6bn (Â£1.1bn) in a funding round that values the firm at more than $20bn.
The government has said the High Court ruling on Brexit is "unacceptable".
Greece's far-right Golden Dawn party has filed a lawsuit against an MP who says he was attacked in Athens last month.
Alliance Trust has announced "some of the biggest changes in its history", including the departure of two senior executives.
An estimated 19.6 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic in their drinking water, a study suggests.
Chris Froome has apologised for the way Team Sky has been portrayed in the media over an anti-doping scandal.
A protest has taken place in Liverpool against calls for the city council to set an illegal budget.
A school in Lancashire is to close its sixth form after the government said it could no longer afford to provide A-levels.
England captain Dylan Hartley says he will not be distracted by the prospect of a British and Irish Lions call-up.
A patch that can be stitched on to the heart after a heart attack has shown promising results in animal studies.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he will not be rushed into signing a new contract with midfielder Peter Whittingham.
It's that time of year again - the Proms.
The US President-elect Barack Obama has told his Irish counterpart he wants to visit Ireland, the Irish foreign minister has said.
Manchester United's Zlatan Ibrahimovic says team-mate Paul Pogba "likes the pressure" after the midfielder's emoji was used on social media.
A woman who lost her hair after being diagnosed with cervical cancer has said it was a "no brainer" to join a UK trial.
Gordon Strachan says Scotland must win their World Cup qualifier against Slovenia if they are to have any chance of reaching the finals in 2018.
Early humans may have arrived in the Americas 130,000 years earlier than previously thought, according to a study in the journal Nature.
Former England captain Stuart Pearce is set to make his first appearance for a non-league club this weekend.
The United Nations has warned that US President Donald Trump's proposed budget cuts would make it "impossible" for the organisation to continue its work.
Police investigating the death of a man whose body was found in a car in North Lanarkshire have said they are following "several lines of inquiry".
Fewer than a third of children in England are allowed to go out alone after dark, according to a global survey.
Six police officers have been charged with assault after a man's fingers were severed in custody.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle eased to a comfortable victory over Partick Thistle.
More than half of the £3.9bn in child maintenance arrears in England and Wales is uncollectable, the government has said.
Russell Brand has been criticised for tweeting the phone number of a Daily Mirror reporter.
Every five years or so Israel goes through what is known as an election campaign.
Scottish football clubs are now free of long-term bank debt and can focus on making a profit for the first time in five years.
A Chinese journalist convicted of leaking state secrets has had her jail term reduced by an appeals court.
The number of mental health patients being moved out of Cornwall must be cut by half by 2020, a coroner has said.
New Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says taking charge of the club is the "most interesting job in world football".
The number of empty plastic bottles found on UK beaches has risen by more than a third in a year, a survey has found.
Portsmouth defender Liam Whatmough has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
James Graham says he is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum campaign.
The latest series of Celebrity Big Brother was watched by an average of 2.7 million viewers on Thursday night, overnight figures show.
The Badger Trust has launched a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England.
BBC Points West's political editor Paul Barltrop looks at the implications of the EU referendum for the UK.
The owners of the Minas Gerais mine, Vale, and BHP Billiton, have reached a deal with prosecutors over the collapse of a dam in 2014.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for carry-on bins on its 737 aircraft.
South Africa wrapped up a four-wicket victory over Sri Lanka on the first day of the first Test.
A 45-year-old man has been arrested as part of the Yewtree child sex abuse investigation.
Tom Steel and Tom Latham both hit centuries for Durham on day one of their One-Day Cup match against Gloucestershire at Bristol.
League One side Norwich City have signed striker Alex Pritchard from Tottenham and goalkeeper David Jones from Portsmouth.
It has been a mixed day for the UK stock market and the pound.
Two RUC officers who gave evidence at an inquest into the death of an IRA man in Londonderry may be reported to prosecutors, a court has heard.
The government is to review the training of nursery staff after the death of a baby who choked on a shepherd's pie.
More than 1,000 Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales since the start of 2016, Home Office figures show.
Andy Murray beat Canadian Milos Raonic in straight sets to win his second Wimbledon title and end Britain's 77-year wait for a male champion.
A GP has admitted giving his wife a fatal dose of heroin after she threatened to end their marriage if he did not quit.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Yann Kermorgant is "not going to rule out" a return to first-team action this season.
Britain's Chris Froome retained his Vuelta a Espana lead as Italy's Matteo Trentin won stage four in a sprint finish.
Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead after the third round of the WGC-Dell Match Play in Hawaii.
The British Geological Survey (BGS) has said a large sinkhole that opened in a residential street was probably caused by water penetrating the ground.
Former England wicketkeeper Graeme Swann has accused the team of "horrifically" playing spin ahead of their tour of India.
Staff at a careers advice service in Wales are being asked to take voluntary redundancy, the Unison union has said.
Great Britain won their third medal of the Rio Olympics by finishing second in the mixed-team event.
Watford have signed Colombia defender Federico Zuniga from Napoli for an undisclosed fee on a five-year deal.
The BBC looks at the past spending reviews held by the chancellor, George Osborne, and how they have affected public spending.
Daniel Craig is the best actor to play James Bond, according to the actor's former co-star Ian Fleming.
Chris Northeast's unbeaten century helped Kent secure promotion to Division Two with a draw against Essex at Chelmsford.
For days, Quebec City's Muslim community has been mourning the six people killed in a shooting at a mosque on Sunday.
Staff at ITV have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pay.
Glamorgan director of cricket Doug Mott says the start of the County Championship season is "very important" for the team.
Former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg was speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Wednesday.
A woman has been found guilty of using five children as "sexual playthings" and forcing them to have sex with one another.
The world’s oceans are on the verge of a mass extinction, according to a new report.
Why is George Osborne today £23bn better off than he was in July?
Steel workers at the Shotton plant in Newport could lose their jobs, a union has said.
At least 55 dead greyhounds have been found in a shallow grave in the Australian state of Queensland.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has played down speculation linking left-back Tony Watt with a move to Sunderland.
Paul Daniels, who has died at the age of 79, was one of the most influential magicians of his generation.
The company that runs Southern rail paid out more than £2m in compensation last year for disruption caused by strikes, figures show.
Police investigating the murder of an elderly dog walker have said they are still looking for three men.
An Australian senator from Western Australia has announced he is taking a leave of absence from the Senate to deal with depression.
A council has voted to ban staff from taking smoke breaks during work hours.
A student who was at the Bataclan concert venue in Paris on Friday has described the horror of the attack.
England were bowled out for just 101 on the final day of the second Test against Australia to lose the series 2-1.
Australian police are investigating the case of an Indonesian woman who died after drinking coffee laced with cyanide.
Former Nottingham Forest goalkeeper Michael McGovern believes winger Oliver Burke has the potential to become a top player.
The husband of a woman found dead in a flat has appeared in court charged with her murder.
Sri Lanka's media ministry has condemned the suicide of a Buddhist monk who set himself on fire on Saturday.
Japan's Hitachi has announced plans to build two new nuclear power plants in the UK, creating up to 12,000 jobs.
Scotland's only Labour MP has called for a new generation to take the party forward, ahead of the party's leadership contest.
Jurassic World, the new Jurassic Park sequel, has topped the US and China box office in its opening weekend.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia after allegedly trying to smuggle cocaine with her while on holiday.
Neymar scored the only goal as La Liga leaders Barcelona were beaten at home by Sevilla.
Thieves have made off with a number of lawnmowers in a "targeted raid" on a farm in North Lanarkshire.
Oscar-winning actor Naomie Harris will be remembered for more than his performance at this year's ceremony.
The UK is leaving the World Trade Organization (WTO) but what does that mean for trade?
It is 50 years since the first Action Man toys were sold in the UK.
A floating sculpture of the moon has been installed in the Great Hall of the University of Bristol.
Scientists have developed a 3D printer that can control the wobbling of a liquid thread, just like a sewing machine.
Roger Federer became the first man to win back-to-back Davis Cup singles titles as he thrashed Richard Gasquet in the final in Lille.
Drivers have been urged to take care on Scotland's roads after a freeze caused a number of accidents.
Blackpool and Wycombe played out a goalless draw at Bloomfield Road.
A man has been injured in a shooting at a house in Londonderry.
Two two-year-old boys in the US state of Georgia have been arrested after stealing their mother's car.
An 18-year-old man is in a serious condition in hospital after being found with a neck injury in Edinburgh.
The 70th anniversary of a plane crash which claimed the lives of 10 US servicemen and women has been marked in the Isle of Man.
US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has asked a question for the first time in more than a decade during a gun case.
Opponents of same-sex marriage in the US state of California have filed a petition with the US Supreme Court asking it to overturn a lower court ruling.
The finance secretary has been accused of giving MSPs "seven minutes of waffle" over the publication of his first budget.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown is to step down at the end of the season.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a two-minute "gravy wrestling" contest.
Police investigating the murder of a former IRA man in Belfast have said they are "open minded" about the motive for his killing.
Former EastEnders star Ross Kemp is to return to the soap for the final episodes of Dame Barbara Windsor's character Peggy Mitchell.
A number of police officers in Northern Ireland are pursuing compensation claims against the owners of stolen cars.
A woman has admitted owning a dog which bit a postman in Dumfries and Galloway.
"These vagabond shoes, they are longing to stray."
A memorial service has been held in Paris for the 130 people killed in Friday's attacks.
A by-election will be held in the Scottish Borders after an MSP resigned to stand in the general election.
At least one person has been killed and several others injured after a train hit a tree in the Belgian city of Leuven.
If you've ever wondered what it would be like to live in a different world, then you might want to check out Google Earth.
An Australian golfer has been bitten by a crocodile while playing at the Palmer Sea Reef golf course.
The city of Bloomington in the US state of Indiana has renamed its Columbus Day and Good Friday holidays.
Investment in commercial property in the north east of Scotland fell by more than 60% in 2016, according to a new report.
Jeremy Corbyn has mocked Theresa May's Brexit strategy by comparing it to the character Baldrick.
The second film in the Harry Potter spin-off series Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them will be released in 2019, Warner Bros has announced.
A US man has been sentenced to 18 months in prison for his role in the Silk Road 2.0 online drug marketplace.
The Scottish SPCA is caring for a fox cub that was mistaken for a puppy at a veterinary surgery in Inverness.
Birmingham's Nasser Yafai retained his WBC International super-bantamweight title with a unanimous points win over Kazuyoshi Muranaka.
Italian playwright and satirist Dario Fo, who has died at the age of 90, has been described as a "great Italian in the world".
A local newspaper has accused the Conservatives of being "archaic" after it was told it could not film Theresa May's visit to a Cornwall factory.
The deaths of two women whose bodies were found at a flat in Glasgow are being treated as unexplained, police have said.
Rangers chairman Dave Murray and chief executive Dave King have been appointed to the club's board following an extraordinary general meeting.
A second man has been charged with the murder of a man in Sunderland.
When Gemma Foster first appeared in Doctor Foster, actress Gemma Jones says she thought the show was "exciting and sexy and thrilling".
Racism is "on a regular basis" at football matches in Wales, according to a campaign group.
The acting head of a primary school has admitted making indecent images of children.
China has accused the US of "militarising" the South China Sea.
Thousands of people have attended an annual gay rights rally in Singapore, despite a religious backlash against the event.
The UK economy is in a dark and chilly waters.
Bees and other pollinating insects thrive as well in urban areas as they do in farms and nature reserves, a study suggests.
Police have released an e-fit of a man they want to speak to after a five-year-old girl was attacked by a dog.
Indonesian rescuers say they have rescued more than 400 Rohingya Muslim migrants who were trying to reach Malaysia from Myanmar.
A railway company has been banned from operating on the mainline network after a series of safety failings.
It was a "big Budget" - that's what it was billed as.
South Korea's Kia Motors has been named the best car brand in the world for reliability, according to a study.
Safid, a five-year-old boy from Afghanistan, is trying to get to the UK to live with his mother.
Key quotes from Northern Ireland politicians and commentators on the results of the assembly election.
The number of hate crimes in Canada increased in 2015, according to a new report.
Marussia driver Jules Bianchi has died at the age of 20, three years after he was seriously injured in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix.
All five candidates in the London mayoral election have said they will vote against a third runway at Heathrow.
British Airways boss Willie Walsh has said Northern Ireland could benefit from a new air route development fund.
A man has died in a car crash on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway.
Scientists at the University of Aberdeen have developed tests that can detect the shortening of DNA in blood cancers.
A cyclist has been killed in a collision with a lorry at an east London roundabout, Transport for London (TfL) said.
The US women's football team will not go on strike over pay, a US judge has ruled.
A peregrine falcon that had to wait more than two years to be imported into the UK from Belgium has been found a new home at Bristol Zoo.
Gerry Anderson has been inducted into the Professional Radio Ireland (PPI) hall of fame.
When Microsoft unveiled its next Xbox console at E3 in June, Phil Spencer promised two things.
A Northern Ireland sex offender has won an interim injunction against Facebook that ordered it to remove a page about paedophiles.
When Halle Berry won the best actress Oscar in 2002, it was one of the biggest honours in film history.
BBC Newsnight has been following the migrant crisis in Europe since the start of the year.
A panel of experts has been appointed to investigate events at De La Salle College in west Belfast.
Vilani Alexandrovna, who won this year's Strictly Come Dancing, has ruled herself out of the next series.
William Hague has called for "strong international agreement" to tackle the threat posed by Islamist militants in Iraq.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain will only leave the club if Arsenal meet his release clause, a Napoli source has said.
Iceland's parliament has approved a bill that would require companies to implement equal pay programmes for all employees.
At least 190 schoolgirls are still missing after an attack on their school in north-eastern Nigeria, the BBC has learned.
A motorised trolley could be on the verge of setting a new world record.
A boiler owner has failed in a legal bid to stop the publication of his details in the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The cost of making a phone call in Europe is to be cut by more than half, the government has announced.
A woman has been raped after leaving the Henley Royal Regatta.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Jussi Jaaskelainen on a one-year deal.
Bilkis Bano was 19 years old when she was gang-raped and murdered by Hindu mobs during the 2002 Gujarat riots.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said his players "did not want to play" in the Premier League draw at Sunderland.
Sir Elton John has said he is not surprised by the DUP's stance on HIV.
More than 1,000 EU nationals have been wrongly sent polling cards for the EU referendum, the Electoral Commission has said.
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson says defender Bailey Wright " owes the club a lot" after failing to agree a new contract.
China has reportedly deployed surface-to-air missiles on an island in the disputed South China Sea.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the EU cannot "completely depend" on US President Donald Trump and UK Prime Minister Theresa May.
On Monday, the BBC's Woman's Hour magazine published an article about menstrual leave, in which a woman described how she has to "man up" to cope with the pain of her period.
The chancellor has announced a £1.5bn apprenticeship levy on firms with more than £3m in wage bills.
Two MPs have been ordered to pay more than £50,000 to a man who accused them of knowing about child sex abuse in Rotherham.
Kenya's main opposition leader, Raila Odinga, has called for a general strike across the country to protest against last week's disputed election.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a large gorse fire broke out on a Devon common.
It's that time of year again when many of us are planning our summer holidays.
Former Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos and his driver have been injured in an explosion in the Paris office of the International Monetary Fund.
The PSNI has said it is "appalled" by "mindless attacks" on police officers in County Down.
Jockey Aidan O'Brien made a winning start to his second season as a jockey as the 6-1 shot won the Irish Derby at Ascot.
A five-year-old boy who was shot and killed by police in the US has been identified as Jeremy Mardis by his father's lawyer.
A team of scientists in the UK are using tiny GPS trackers to track slugs in a field.
Denmark will face hosts Germany in the Women's Euro 2017 final after beating Austria 3-0 on penalties after a goalless draw after extra-time.
The remains of a young girl found in Mexico have been identified as one of the earliest inhabitants of the Americas.
The White House's response to allegations that President Donald Trump shared classified information with Russian officials has been a mixed bag.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says his side must "dust themselves off" and "be professional" if they are to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Samples from the alleged chemical weapons attack in Syria last month are being sent to labs across the world for analysis, BBC News understands.
Researchers at Oxford University say they have developed smart glasses for blind and partially sighted people.
The trial of a US journalist detained in Iran for more than two years has begun in Tehran.
Two pairs of bee-eaters have successfully bred in a Nottinghamshire quarry for a second year in a row.
Reintroduction of sea otters to an estuary in the US state of California has been credited with saving one of the world's most threatened grasses.
A terminally ill man has begun a legal bid to change the law in England and Wales to allow assisted dying.
A man who loaded drugs into a wheelie bin in Londonderry has been jailed.
The Irish government has apologised to former residents of mother-and-baby homes for the "wrongs that were done to them".
Twenty years ago, Raith Rovers were the underdogs in their Scottish Cup semi-final against Celtic at Hampden Park.
Physical education should be elevated to a core subject in Welsh schools, according to a report.
The High Court is to rule on whether Charlie Gard should be allowed to have an experimental treatment in the US.
Outdoor learning should become part of the national curriculum in England, according to a report from the Department for Education.
Peter Moores has left his position as Lancashire head coach to take up the same role with the England and Wales Cricket Board.
England batsman Alex Hales has refunded £4.10 to a fan who complained about slow over rates during the third Test against Pakistan at Lord's.
The family of a man who died after falling into the River Avon is to pay for a memorial to those who have died in the river.
England's qualification for Euro 2016 has been described by some as "The Group of Death" - but it has been far from that.
The father of a woman who was gang raped and murdered in the Indian capital, Delhi, has said he wants her name to be made public.
The war on drugs in the United States has been a major source of controversy over the past 50 years, with President Barack Obama calling it a "war that can't be won".
The opening of two new RSPB reserves in Dorset has been delayed because of flooding.
Police are investigating a suspected case of persecution of birds of prey in a forest in the Highlands.
A Royal Marine from Northern Ireland has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
The owner of a chain of high street coffee shops has announced plans to expand into the coffee market.
Manchester City have signed defender Nicolas Otamendi from Atletico Madrid on a five-year deal.
A man has been jailed for eight years for killing a scooter rider who was knocked unconscious after urinating on his leg.
It's that time of the year again when we all look forward to a new week.
The price of oil fell sharply on Friday after the International Energy Agency (IEA) said demand was likely to have peaked in the third quarter.
Wales manager Chris Coleman has a "burning desire" to manage a Premier League club, says FAW chief executive Martyn Roberts.
A new report has found that the world's oldest people are the happiest in the world.
Nottingham Forest have agreed a deal to re-sign Burton Albion midfielder George Long on a season-long loan deal.
Oscar-winning actor Michael Jordan is to reprise his role as the Human Torch in Marvel's Black Panther, alongside Oscar winner Lupita Nyong'o.
A 70-year-old man is in a serious condition in hospital after being hit by a car in North Ayrshire.
Four men have appeared in court charged with conspiring to import more than a tonne of cannabis into Northern Ireland.
A man who murdered a Glasgow pensioner has been jailed for at least 13 years.
The father of a reservist who died during an SAS selection test has told an inquest he did not realise his son had gone "off track".
Shaker Aamer is back in the UK.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila said his side looked "frightened and scared" as they were knocked out of the Champions League by Malmo.
(Close): The FTSE 100 recovered from early losses to close up 10 points, or 0.1%, at 7,263.44.
Rock band U2 have paid tribute to tour manager Dennis Sheehan, who has died at a hotel in Los Angeles.
James Shankland scored twice as Partick Thistle came from behind to beat Livingston in the Scottish Championship.
Northern Ireland footballer Michael McCourt has revealed he pulled out of Euro 2016 after his wife was diagnosed with a brain tumour.
Growth in the UK's service sector slowed in February, according to a closely watched survey.
Two more Rabobank traders have been charged in connection with the manipulation of the Libor inter-bank lending rate.
Chelsea Ladies beat Glasgow City 1-0 in the first leg of their Women's Champions League last-16 tie at Stamford Bridge.
Nigeria's Football Association (Fufa) says it is committed to paying coach Milutin 'Micho' Sredojevic all his salary arrears.
Labour leadership contender Liz Kendall has said she is the only candidate who would break from the party's past under Ed Miliband.
US President-elect Donald Trump has spoken to the leader of Taiwan for the first time since the US cut diplomatic ties with the island in 1979.
Harvard University has agreed to drop the use of the word "master" from its official title, amid protests over its links to slavery.
Portugal came from behind to beat Australia 2-1 and reach the quarter-finals of the Confederations Cup in Russia.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have bulldozed shacks and tents set up by drug addicts in the area known as "Crackland".
Martin McGuinness is to visit two sites where Irish soldiers fought together in World War One.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola says he will be better next season after admitting his side were "not good enough" to challenge for the Premier League title.
Three-time Grand National winner Many Clouds died from a "severe pulmonary haemorrhage", a report has found.
It's that time of year again when football clubs are looking to make their summer signings.
The Army has already cut more than 20,000 jobs since 2010, the BBC has learned.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players are feeling the pressure after a poor start to the season.
Fabio Capello's future as Russia coach is in doubt, according to Russian media.
A British conservationist has accused Maltese hunters of illegally shooting birds of prey, including turtle doves.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in the Black Country.
Around 70 jobs are at risk at an audio manufacturing plant in North Lanarkshire.
Defender Jonny Evans scored a 93rd-minute winner as West Brom came from behind to beat 10-man Stoke at The Hawthorns.
Plans to close one of Oxford's busiest streets to vehicles have been criticised by bus companies.
McDonald's has been accused of abusing its dominant market position in Europe by charging franchisees too much.
Former Aston Villa midfielder Sid Cowans has left his role as first-team coach at the club.
In the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks in 2001, Tony Blair made a speech that will live long in the memory.
Swansea City will stay in the Premier League next season after Hull City were relegated following a 4-1 defeat at Crystal Palace.
The administrators of Bradford Bulls have said they will not be able to complete a deal to sell the club by the end of the week.
Human remains found in a field in East Lothian have been confirmed as those of missing Edinburgh woman Louise Tiffney.
Scotland's Scott Jamieson and Sweden's Thomas Bjork share the lead after the second round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said he will withdraw the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
A woman who made a life-sized Jennifer Lawrence sponge cake has won the top prize at a baking competition.
Amnesty International has criticised a deal between the EU and Turkey to stem the flow of migrants to Europe.
The Department of Justice (DoJ) has paid compensation to former pupils who were injured during a loyalist protest outside their Belfast school.
A new edition of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be published in Germany for the first time since the end of World War Two.
Pupils at a new primary school in West Lothian were left "like a sauna" when a hot water pipe burst above two classrooms, an MSP has said.
First Minister Carwyn Jones wedi cymryd ei le fel Gweinidog Gwladol dros adael y UE wrth i'r Prif Weinidog Theresa May.
Carlos Tevez's proposed move from Manchester City to Brazilian side Corinthians has collapsed.
French singer Bertrand Cantat has returned to the public eye for the first time since he was convicted of murder in 2003.
Mae'r Team Sky, Geraint Thomas, wedi cyntaf i gyrraedd y Tour de France wedi dau gymal.
Police investigating the death of a man in Londonderry have said they believe he may have been assaulted.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Hawaii to mark the 75th anniversary of the Japanese attack on the US naval base at Pearl Harbor.
The UCI will investigate claims of racism at the Tour de France, the governing body has confirmed.
Students are being urged not to self-medicate by buying "smart drugs" online.
EU foreign ministers have agreed to start planning for an EU peacekeeping operation in the Central African Republic (CAR).
St Mirren have re-signed former Dundee United striker Scott Clarkson on loan until the end of the season.
Atletico Madrid came from behind to beat 10-man Valencia and inflict a fourth straight La Liga defeat on Manchester United boss Gary Neville.
The Wales women's football team has arrived in France ahead of the Euro 2016 tournament.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney's testimonial match against Manchester City on Saturday will be streamed live on Facebook.
Egypt's new constitution was approved by more than two-thirds of voters in Sunday's referendum, but the result has sparked debate in the country's press.
A military plane that crashed in Myanmar last month killing all 15 people on board was brought down by "adverse weather", investigators say.
A man has been found guilty of being part of the UK's "most serious breach of medicine control regime".
The EU's chief Brexit negotiator has been told to "listen up" in the European Parliament, says the News Letter.
When the clock strikes midnight on New Year's eve it is tradition for people to hold hands and sing 'Auld Lang Syne'.
Two people have been arrested after a man was killed when he was hit by a car in Kent.
A pair of black bears have been caught on camera playing with a toy elephant at a safari park in South Africa.
The location of a Roman battle which inspired the films The Eagle and Centurion is to be investigated by Historic Scotland.
Derry manager Joey Barton has said that Brendan Rogers was "shocked" by the incident in which he was injured in Sunday's McKenna Cup final defeat by Tyrone.
Flooding has continued to cause severe disruption in parts of England and Wales after heavy rain on Wednesday.
Snoop Dogg has been criticised for a video in which he shoots Donald Trump in the head.
The first of six giant floating wind turbines has been moved into place off the coast of Aberdeenshire.
World number one Dustin Johnson says he is in "good shape" as he attempts to win a fourth consecutive PGA Tour title at the Wells Fargo Championship.
Newsweek has unveiled its final front cover, as it prepares to end its print edition.
The Russian economy is expected to shrink next year as a result of the fall in the oil price and Western sanctions.
Home Secretary Theresa May has said "life should mean life" for anyone convicted of murdering a police officer.
The final week of campaigning in the EU referendum will be dominated by the south Wales valleys and north Wales.
A man who carried out an armed robbery at a Balerno post office has been jailed for seven years.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a serious assault in Denny.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has been ruled out of the Rio Olympics because of a hamstring injury.
The aircraft carrier HMS Ocean will not be scrapped, Defence Secretary Liam Fox has said.
The EY Item Club has slashed its growth forecasts for the UK economy following the vote to leave the European Union.
Bristol Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielder Callum Mason and Chelsea defender Steph Houghton on loan until the end of the season.
Jeremy Corbyn has told the CBI he will not "stand back" when there is injustice in the workplace.
A report has cleared the former Garda Commissioner (Garda) Pat Callinan and the former justice minister Alan Shatter of any wrongdoing.
The number of people being detained at Brook House immigration removal centre in Surrey has more than doubled in the past year, a report has found.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he is "frustrated" by his side's failure to reach the World Cup final as they begin their Six Nations campaign against Ireland on Saturday.
"Monty, you've got to puttin' on the putts!"
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he may appeal against the red card shown to captain John Terry in the FA Cup win over Peterborough.
A man suffered "multiple serious injuries" when he was hit by a lorry on the M1 in the early hours of the morning.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton wants to trim his squad for next season.
An app that allows people to play computer games on their mobile phones has been criticised by a children's charity.
A man has been found guilty of dragging a 73-year-old out of his car and leaving him in a critical condition.
International students spend more than £1bn in Scotland each year, according to a report by accountancy firm PwC.
Derry City suffered their first Premier Division defeat of the season as they were beaten 2-1 by Harps at Finn Park.
An extra 130,000 secondary school places are needed in England by September 2017, according to local authorities.
A £50m link road between Cardiff Bay and the city centre is set to open later.
In the middle of the afternoon, hundreds of people gathered outside a mosque on the outskirts of Cairo to demand the removal of President Hosni Mubarak.
Hollywood actress Vicky McClure has said she was thrown off a tram after being mistaken for another passenger.
The mother of a man who stalked pop star Lily Allen has said she had no idea he had a fixation with her.
Sussex's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has called for the county's fire service to be brought under her authority.
A Dumfries and Galloway-based food manufacturer is to invest £10m in its factory.
A man has been stabbed during a fight at a gig in Glasgow.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against England and Serbia over the aftermath of the Under-21 European Championship play-off in Krusevac in October.
Johnny Depp's management company has filed a lawsuit against the actor, accusing him of failing to live within his means.
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright is to return to the county as an assistant coach.
The outgoing head of the Church in Wales has said he is "not against organ donation" as he prepares to step down.
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb has said Wales should be "central" to the debate on the future of the UK.
League One side Rochdale have signed Manchester City left-back Jordan Houghton on a season-long loan deal.
Tommy Quigley scored a stunning late winner as National League leaders Torquay United eased past Livingston to reach the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals.
A Conservative council in Surrey has proposed a 15% increase in council tax for 2017-18.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has ordered the central bank to issue regulations to lift a ban on firms linked to Somalia.
League Two strugglers Dagenham & Redbridge have been relegated to the National League after a 2-1 defeat by Leyton Orient.
Unemployment in the eurozone has risen for the second month in a row, official figures have shown.
The Russian military says it forced a Dutch submarine to leave the area of an aircraft carrier-led flotilla in the eastern Mediterranean.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes has played down speculation linking him with the Rangers job.
Bradford has been named the Curry Capital of Britain for the third time in a row.
One Direction's new single Drag Me Down has topped the UK singles chart for the second week in a row.
Up to 20,000 Syrians displaced by the conflict in their country have gathered at a border crossing with Turkey, the UN says.
Mexico's Interior Secretary Francisco Blake Mora has been killed in a helicopter crash near the capital, Mexico City.
Voters in Kenya have been casting their ballots in a general election, the first since deadly violence marred the last one in 2007.
The first leg of Linfield's Champions League qualifier against Celtic will take place in Belfast on 11/12 July.
Wrexham International Airport is to close for three weekends in December for a major refurbishment of its runway.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the chest.
Tributes have been paid to Carmen Beckford, the founder of Bristol's St Pauls Carnival, who has died at the age of 90.
Championship side Derby County have signed Hull City midfielder Craig Davies for an undisclosed fee.
Celebrity book clubs are back and this time it's not just the big names who are involved.
Former Republic of Ireland rugby player David Wallace has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife.
Exeter Chiefs have signed Australia lock Nic White and Jersey back row Joe Freeman on two-year deals.
Burundi is the largest country in East Africa and one of the world's poorest.
Families of patients at a Denbighshire hospital have been "hugely impressed" by the way they have acted, the health secretary has said.
Mark McGhee says he would be "amazed" if Gordon Strachan remains as Scotland manager.
RMT members on Southern rail are to stage a second strike on the same day as the Grand National, the union has said.
More than 1,000 people have attended a concert in the Afghan capital, Kabul, by the country's best-known female singer, Gulbuddin Sayeed.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of drink-driving after being stopped by a police car on the M1 in Suffolk.
The Cultural Olympiad was a "game changer" for the UK arts scene, according to a new report.
Swansea City winger Nathan Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Matt Raggett scored a late winner as Dover beat Welling to boost their National League play-off hopes.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower, with Wal-Mart among the biggest fallers.
More than 1,000 potholes have been filled in in Northumberland in the past week, the county council has said.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in north London.
Police in Italy say they have arrested a man in connection with a shooting on a popular nude beach in the south of the country.
Chinese women have been debating whether or not they should shave their armpits, after the country's first female prime minister, Li Keqiang, said it was time for women to "own" their bodies.
A Welsh adventurer has ended his attempt to climb Mount Everest as part of a research project.
Hundreds of people have been arrested in Egypt after a protest against the transfer of two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia.
Shares in Sports Direct have fallen sharply after the retailer said the fall in the value of the pound overnight would hit its profits.
Ed Sheeran has taken to the track for the first time on Top Gear.
Nigel Farage is to join Fox News as a commentator.
One in seven patients in Wales is waiting more than a year for surgery, surgeons have warned.
A former teacher at a Cardiff mosque sexually abused young girls, a court has heard.
British number one Johanna Konta is through to the semi-finals of the Miami Open for the first time in her career.
Zheng He, the Chinese admiral who led one of the world's most spectacular maritime expeditions, is being resurrected by the Chinese government.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones says flanker Oliver Griffiths has a chance of making the British and Irish Lions squad.
Silverstone is to end its contract to host the British Grand Prix after 2019.
A piece of furniture used by Charles Dickens to write his final novel, A Christmas Carol, is to go on display for the first time after being awarded a  Â£1.5m grant.
A court in Egypt has suspended a constitutional assembly set up by parliament to draft a new constitution.
Footballers will be banned from wearing undergarments which show political, religious or personal slogans from next summer's World Cup.
Have you always wanted to be a fast bowler?
The US Treasury Department has urged the European Commission to drop its investigation into Apple over alleged tax avoidance.
Giselle Ansley and Sophie Bray have been named in the Great Britain women's squad for the Rio Olympics.
More than 1,000 homes are to be built in north Wales as part of a £40m housing and town centre regeneration programme.
The House of Commons has launched a new website where people can sign and submit e-petitions.
J Craig Venter is one of the most controversial figures in the history of science.
A "black alert" has been declared at a hospital in Cornwall due to "unprecedented" demand.
Great Britain were held to a draw by Japan in their second Pool C match at the Rugby World Cup.
Theresa May's surprise announcement that she will be standing in the UK general election has sent shockwaves across Europe.
A County Londonderry man and his wife have pleaded guilty to the rape and assault of a woman at Maghaberry Prison.
An £8m fund to help people made redundant by the oil and gas industry has been announced by the Scottish government.
A £1.5m cycle park is to be built in the Vale of Glamorgan.
A man armed with a gun threatened a security guard with a knife before stealing a cash box from a van outside a supermarket.
Celtic Energy has agreed to help pay for the clean-up of two former mines, the leader of the Welsh Labour Party has said.
Mae'r tân bellach wedi rhwystro diffoddwyr rhag mynd ato ddydd Sadwrn yn ddiweddar fe syrthiodd rhan o'r pier i'r môr.
Jose Mourinho's return to Chelsea ended in defeat as his Manchester United side were thrashed at Stamford Bridge.
When the Channel 4 show Skins came to an end in 2010, it was one of the most popular shows on the channel at the time.
Police Scotland's most senior officer has defended the use of armed officers, saying it was "entirely appropriate".
There is a very strange phenomenon going on in the financial markets at the moment.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with rape.
Robert Carlyle's first feature as a director will open this year's Edinburgh International Film Festival (EIFF).
A female osprey has laid her first egg at a Scottish wildlife reserve.
Britain would have "zero influence" if it were outside the European Union, the outgoing president of the European Commission has said.
Growth in global energy use slowed in 2014, according to a report from oil giant BP.
A national standard for infant cremations could be introduced after an inquiry into a Shropshire crematorium, the government has said.
England centre Manu Tuilagi may miss the rest of the season with a knee injury, says director of rugby Richard Cockerill.
Moldova is going to the polls for the first time in 20 years to elect a president.
Carlisle United manager Keith Curle says he will only commit to the club if there is a long-term plan for the club.
Gwynedd council is considering changing the name of a Gwynedd beach because it is not known locally as Traeth Morfa Bychan.
A 20-year-old woman from Dorset who went missing in Thailand has contacted her family to say she wants to come home.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of "dog-whistle politics" over immigration.
The head of Queen's University Belfast has said the country needs to make "critical decisions" about the future of higher education.
Dog walkers in a Hampshire town have been fined for walking more than four dogs.
The victims of child abuse at the Kincora children's home in Belfast are taking the government to court over its handling of the scandal.
The families of three British tourists who were killed in the Nepal earthquake have been reunited with them.
Wales' men's and women's hockey teams have reached the top tier of European competition for the first time, says head coach Gareth Clements.
Oisin MacNiallais scored two goals as Donegal beat 10-man Fermanagh 2-13 to 1-11 in the Ulster SFC quarter-final at Croke Park.
Fulham manager Slavisa Jokanovic says he will not send striker Andre Martin back to Derby County.
The Mubende gold fields in north-eastern Uganda are one of the largest illegal mining camps in the world.
Chancellor George Osborne has dropped his pledge to return the UK to a budget surplus by 2020.
Fifa will elect a new president for the first time since Sepp Blatter was banned from football for 12 years on Friday.
Three men have been jailed for attacking a university lecturer with a hammer during a burglary at his home.
Hull FC will face Super League rivals Leeds Rhinos in the Million Pound Game semi-finals.
More than 1,000 taxi and private hire car drivers have been granted licences in Scotland in the past year, BBC Scotland has learned.
John Cleese's Alimony Tour has received mixed reviews from critics, with one describing it as "a lecture tour more than comedy tour".
Nottingham Forest have signed Cardiff City striker Diego Macheda on loan for the rest of the season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how the people-smuggling business works.
A woman has captured a stunning time lapse of the Northern Lights over Scrabster Harbour.
A former Sussex Police community support officer who stole thousands of pounds from passengers at Heathrow Airport has been jailed for five years.
An ultramarathon has taken place in Hong Kong, despite criticism of its "monotonous" course.
More than 50 jobs are under threat at a distribution centre in Carmarthenshire.
In South Africa, many of the country's primary schools are being transformed into digital education centres, using e-learning tools and apps.
A Perth woman has admitted stealing more than £20,000 from her mother's bank account.
Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday after the US economy added a stronger-than-expected number of jobs in July.
The government has said that the number of nurses working in the NHS in England has risen by 5,000 since 2010.
Workers at the Austin's department store in Londonderry have said they are "devastated" by the loss of their jobs.
Mobile phone network Three has become the first UK network to abolish roaming charges in countries outside the European Union.
Thai police investigating the murders of two British tourists say there is no evidence against two Burmese suspects.
Boris Johnson has said he will not be standing for re-election as Conservative leader.
A UK charity has set up a virtual doctors project in Zambia, which uses volunteers in the UK to help local health workers in the country.
The family of a teenager who died after being hit by a car and then stabbed in Manchester have paid tribute to him.
If you were to ask David Thirlwell what inspired him to start his own business, he would probably tell you that it was his love of chocolate.
The US has confirmed that Osama Bin Laden's body was buried at sea, in accordance with Islamic law.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with mining stocks leading the way.
The jury in the trial of the former Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Murphy has retired to consider its verdict.
Hundreds of thousands of small businesses are to get a tax cut of up to £15,000 a year, the chancellor has announced.
Scarlets winger Jamie Cuthbert will be "very lucky" to make Wales' World Cup squad, according to former captain Martyn James.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Dan Christian has signed a new deal with the county for the 2017 T20 Blast.
Police investigating the murder of a schoolgirl 21 years ago have said they have made a "leap forward" in their investigation.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Liam McGinty has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
British gymnast Aneurin Bevan has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in a training accident.
Tens of thousands of Palestinians have taken part in fresh clashes with Israeli troops in Jerusalem and the West Bank.
Booking.com, the world's biggest online travel agency, is facing a €356m (Â£294m) tax bill from the French government.
Taxi-hailing service Uber has accused London's transport authority of not having the public's best interests at heart.
Cadel Evans became the first Australian to win the Tour de France in seven years with victory in the 20th stage.
The United Nations has accused Nigeria's army of detaining at least 10 children as part of its counter-insurgency operations.
Olympic silver medallist Katie Murray recovered from a poor start to reach the final of the women's individual sabre at the European Championships.
US carmaker Hyundai has offered financial help to federal employees affected by the government shutdown.
A British photographer has accused Taylor Swift of "giving her work away for free" following her row with Apple Music.
A father who won a legal battle for taking his daughter on holiday during term time has set up a crowdfunding page to pay for legal fees.
A clerk in the US state of North Carolina who refused to issue marriage licences to gay couples has been ordered to appear in court.
For many countries, the Paralympics are a distant dream.
The Police Ombudsman's office has been accused of a "failure" by the Police Federation of Northern Ireland (PFNI).
Scotland's local authorities have cut their spending on school crossing patrols by more than 50% in the past three years, according to figures obtained by BBC Scotland.
Japan's Nikkei index closed lower on Monday, as the yen strengthened against the US dollar following the US Federal Reserve's interest rate rise.
Transport for London (TfL) fares will not rise until 2020, Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has admitted his party's campaign for Scottish independence was "flawed" over the issue of currency.
The son of an Australian miner who discovered one of the world's rarest opals has spoken of his family's pride at the discovery.
The remains of more than 100 people have been found on a mudbank off the Kent coast.
BBC School Report's News Day celebrates its fifth anniversary this year, and we've been looking back at some of the most memorable stories from the past five years.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has accused the chief of the defence staff of "breaching constitutional principle" after he said he would never press the "nuclear button".
British Vogue has appointed Edward Enninful as its new editor-in-chief.
A machine that can tell you if a dish is good or bad has been unveiled in Bangkok.
The use of physical punishment should be banned in Scotland and the UK, according to a new report.
Worcester Warriors head coach Steve Paver says he had doubts about the fitness and form of new signing Jack Chapman.
Newcastle moved up to third in the Championship with victory over Aston Villa at St James' Park.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton says he has "no doubt" Brendan Rodgers is the right man to succeed him at Celtic.
The partner of a transgender woman who died in prison has said the prison service should have known she was at risk of self-harm after she wrote a letter saying she wanted to leave.
Thailand has been downgraded by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) for failing to address safety concerns.
The new Ghostbusters film has received a mixed response from critics, with some saying it is better than the original, while others have said it is a "disappointing" remake.
A woman has died following a two-car crash in East Lothian.
Buy-to-let landlords are to pay an extra £5,520 a year in stamp duty, the chancellor has announced in his Autumn Statement.
The M8 motorway was closed in both directions for several hours after a fire broke out on a fuel tanker.
Plans for a £100m underground museum have taken a step forward after the Eden Project was awarded a £500,000 grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
The Isle of Man's Celtic League has said it is concerned about the safety of the Sellafield nuclear plant.
Stoke made a winning start to life under new manager Mark Hughes with victory over Bournemouth at the Vitality Stadium.
A man who claims he was sexually abused by a farmer as a child has said he has been "shut down all the way".
Oldham Athletic have become the first club in English football to offer free entry for their League One game against Brentford on Saturday.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore (Bombay) have detained the wife of a French envoy after she protested against his arrest on suspicion of child rape.
Laura Trott won her second gold medal of the British Para-cycling Championships with victory in the women's scratch.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a police officer.
The US has launched air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, the Pentagon says.
A man who shone a laser pen at a police helicopter over Glasgow has been jailed for 14 months.
China's exports rose more than expected in February, in a sign that the world's second largest economy is recovering.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James has become the NBA's all-time leading scorer.
A man serving a life sentence for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl has gone on trial accused of raping two more girls.
The assassination of Nazi leader Reinhard Heydrich by British special forces during World War Two has been made into a film.
A chronology of key events:. (All times are GMT).
Six members of Australia's Olympic swimming team have admitted taking the banned drug Stilnox during a team bonding exercise.
The funeral of Coronation Street creator Anthony Warren has taken place at Manchester Cathedral.
Fiji is one of the world's smallest democracies, with a population of just over 100,000.
The Scottish government has said it remains " committed" to a £10bn infrastructure deal with a Chinese consortium, despite reports it has collapsed.
A peregrine falcon has been found dead in Gwynedd.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has visited the European Free Trade Association (EFTA).
Three Russian opposition activists have gone on hunger strike after they were barred from taking part in regional elections.
Somerset took three early wickets as Hampshire's batting collapsed on day one at Taunton.
South Africa is considering removing Christmas Day from the national holiday calendar.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the theft of a nativity scene in Inverness.
Nigeria's main opposition party has suffered its biggest ever defeat in elections for state governors.
Everton have announced plans to build a new stadium at Stanley Park in north Liverpool.
Carlitos Tevez has completed his move from Juventus to Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.
A public clothing order has been issued against "rambling naked" campaigner Stephen Gough.
Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has received a further £500,000 in donations to its appeal fund following the fire at the school.
Fabio Bonatini scored the only goal of the game as Wolves began their Championship campaign with victory over Middlesbrough.
Bristol have appointed Mark Tainton as acting head coach following the suspension of Steve Robinson.
Mae'r Scarlets wedi iddo dderbyn cerdyn coch yn y rownd gynderfynol yn dilyn penderfyniad panel disgyblu i ddileu'r gwaharddiad.
The word "cloud" conjures up the image of a misty, mysterious place where all your computing needs can be found and processed at any time.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the impact of the financial crisis on Iceland, Cyprus and Greece.
The Duke of Cambridge has said looking after three-week-old Prince George was "more physically and mentally demanding" than his search and rescue duties.
When gunmen shot dead two Mexican journalists last month, it was the latest in a series of attacks on the press.
Shares in Yum Brands, the owner of Pizza Hut, Taco Bell and KFC, have risen 5% after the company reported a rise in profits in China.
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games, it has been announced.
A vote on President Donald Trump's healthcare bill in the US House of Representatives has been withdrawn.
As George and Amal Clooney announce the birth of their twins, we take a look at some of the reaction on social media.
A law firm representing survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire has said it is "taken extremely seriously" after a poster appeared on its premises.
Levels of violence at Bristol Prison are now "considerably higher" than in similar prisons, inspectors have said.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art is facing a $25 (Â£20) lawsuit alleging it is violating a law requiring free admission to the public.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has said she is a "progressive" after her rival, Bernie Sanders, accused her of not being progressive enough.
Alloa Athletic have appointed John Ross as their new head coach.
US President Donald Trump has said he has "no idea" if he will get along with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says defender Alfie Mawson has the potential to become a top Premier League defender.
Plans to build a quarry on "ancient woodland" in Derbyshire are the "largest threat to a single ancient woodland site in England", a conservation charity has said.
Bog snorkelling will be one of the main attractions at this year's National Games in Gwynedd.
Former American football star Johnny Manziel has been charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend.
Scotland's first minister has ruled out a second independence referendum this year.
A Liverpool fan has told the Hillsborough inquests a police officer asked him to change his statement.
The chairman of Avon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service has called for an investigation into allegations of "serious and persistent" misconduct.
The FTSE 100 has closed higher for the first time in four days, after volatile trading on China's stock markets.
Kimi Raikkonen headed Mercedes team-mates Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix.
The Forth Road Bridge should be operational and open to all traffic by the end of the year, Scotland's transport secretary has said.
An investigation has been launched into the finances of a hospital trust after a £7.8m overspend.
More than 1,000 packets of cigarettes have been found in the boot of a car in Dorset.
Comedian Caroline Toksvig has said she is a "big fan" of more female hosts on quiz shows, despite the BBC banning all-male panels.
An investigation into a fatal helicopter crash in Norway in April has found evidence of fatigue in parts of the same model of aircraft.
The number of people visiting Scottish Borders towns and cities has risen, according to new figures.
Domestic abusers could be offered one-to-one therapy in a bid to stop them going on to kill their next victim.
Ospreys wing Keelan Giles could make his Wales debut after Hallam Amos was ruled out of the World Cup with a shoulder injury.
Anthony Joshua has a "chink in his armour" when he fights Wladimir Klitschko, says former world champion Lennox Lewis.
The owners of Blackpool Football Club are taking legal action against a fans' forum.
A 21-year-old man who died in a car crash in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
Derry came from behind to beat Mayo 2-17 to 1-13 in extra-time in the All-Ireland SFC quarter-final at Croke Park.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has praised captain Stevie Smith for playing through injury.
Jonathan Rea missed out on a third successive World Superbikes title as he finished second to Chaz Davies in race two at Aragon.
More than 20% of students taking GCSE and A-level exams in independent schools in England received extra time last year, figures show.
England forward Joe Burgess has taken part in a trial for the New York Giants, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
Doncaster came from behind to beat Stevenage and go top of League Two.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the thorny issue of citizenship in Nepal.
Castleford Tigers maintained their seven-point lead at the top of Super League with a hard-fought win at St Helens.
West Ham's final game at the Boleyn Ground ended in a defeat that leaves Manchester United still needing to beat Bournemouth on Sunday to secure Champions League football next season.
Germany will host the opening stage of the 2016 Tour de France, organisers have announced.
Delays in discharging dementia patients from an Edinburgh hospital were caused by a lack of staff, a report has found.
A man has been charged with running a brothel in Warwickshire as part of an investigation into human trafficking.
The lawyer for the former Guatemalan army chief, Gen Efrain Rios Montt, has been shot dead.
The Oscar-winning producer of the Rocky films, John Chartoff, has died at the age of 83.
The 50th anniversary of England's victory at the 1966 World Cup has been marked in London.
A dedicated unit to tackle online hate crime has been launched by the Mayor of London.
If you want to browse the internet more securely then you need to set up a VPN.
Carlsberg, the world's biggest brewer of beer, has warned that its full-year profits will be lower than expected because of weak sales in Ukraine.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos say they are "more desperate than ever" to find him.
Driving test examiners and coastguard staff in England and Wales are to stage a series of strikes in a row over cuts.
Cambridge United and Carlisle United played out a goalless draw at Brunton Park.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Birmingham.
Campaigners hoping to reopen Kent's Manston Airport say they will take legal action after the government announced plans to compulsory purchase the site.
As the BBC's Andrew Walker arrived at the University Hospital of Bambari in the Central African Republic (CAR) to interview a doctor and a nurse, the first thing that struck us was how little there was to see and talk about.
Former WBA and IBF super-middleweight champion Carl Froch says he is ready to return to the ring.
The debate on the future of the West End was dominated by one question - what about the rest of the country?
A tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean, the first of its kind to form in the region this year.
The Queen has promised a "strong and lasting" devolution settlement for Wales in her Queen's Speech.
Scotland lock Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with Glasgow Warriors.
A speaker was carried in a car carrying heroin with a street value of £5m, a court has heard.
More than half of Scots have been forced to borrow money or use credit to buy food, according to a new report.
A council has said it has had to place six children in residential care outside of Kent due to an influx of asylum seekers.
Rugby union players deserve to be treated as role model professionals, says the head of the RPA.
A furniture shop owner has been jailed for five years for running a "significant" cannabis farm.
Officials in the US state of Florida are searching for a 10-foot (3.5-m) rattlesnake that escaped from a Florida home.
The Football Association of Northern Ireland's Disciplinary Committee has upheld a three-match ban handed down to Glenavon's Mark Novo for his red card against Glentoran.
Two men who died when their light aircraft crashed on a farm in Powys have been named by police.
Northamptonshire's bowlers frustrated Kent's batsmen as the Division Two leaders were bowled out for 187 on day three at Canterbury.
The trial of three al-Jazeera journalists accused of spreading false news has begun in Egypt, with prosecutors playing a series of video clips.
The UK's Supreme Court is to rule on whether a couple can sue the government over claims they were tortured by MI6.
A woman whose grandfather died in New Zealand has said she is still waiting for a visa application to be fast-tracked.
A man has been found not guilty of attempting to murder a Muslim man by reason of insanity.
A number of roads in Scotland have been closed after heavy rain caused landslips and flooding.
The Welsh Government has said it is "extremely concerned" by BBC Studios' plans to cut 27 jobs in Wales.
Comedian Paddy Dodd has topped a list of the best-selling records of the 1960s.
Eight-time Isle of Man TT winner Lee Hutchinson suffered a broken leg in Sunday's Superbike race.
At the top, but not in the inner circle.
Novak Djokovic and Milos Raonic have been knocked out of the men's doubles at the Olympic Games.
A former CIA station chief jailed in Italy for his role in the abduction of a terror suspect has been arrested in Panama.
Gloucester's Jamie Milkins says his first-round win at the UK Championship was "just the win I needed".
Gardaí (Irish police) are carrying out searches in Dublin as part of an investigation into the murder of boxer Shane Byrne.
The pitch for the 2017 Champions League final in Cardiff has been unveiled.
The future of the Newport Ship is set to be safeguarded after the council agreed to rent a warehouse to store it.
Donald Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, has been charged over an alleged assault on a reporter.
Two people have admitted health and safety breaches following the death of a man who was crushed when two pallet stacks fell on top of him.
Hundreds of tenants in Southampton are being forced to live in "unlicensed" homes, a council has said.
Pepper, the humanoid robot created by Japanese firm Softbank, is to be deployed in two Belgian hospitals.
Malnutrition and dehydration were a factor in 828 patient deaths in hospitals and care homes in 2015.
The brother of one of the victims of Bloody Sunday has condemned plans for a march by former soldiers in Londonderry.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign to boost manufacturing in the country.
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has been cleared by the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) after failing to attend a disciplinary hearing on Tuesday.
Human remains have been found by a cyclist in East Lothian.
Oldham Athletic manager Karl Robinson says he expects the club's transfer embargo to be lifted next week.
A tipper truck has crashed into the front of a house.
Michael O'Neill's Northern Ireland suffered a third straight defeat as two late goals from Mohamed Elyounoussi and Peter Ruud gave Norway victory at Windsor Park.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen during her visit to Moscow.
A 25-year-old man who was shot dead at a house party in Surrey has been named by police as James Hunter.
David Cameron has said he has secured a "historic deal" on the UK's membership of the European Union.
The Welsh Government is to launch a consultation on a new youth bus discount scheme, it has been confirmed.
A woman who stole more than £600,000 from her employer to fund her lifestyle has been ordered to pay back £587,434.
Hundreds of jobs are under threat at an Aberdeen-based engineering firm.
E-commerce firms could be targeted by the taxman in a bid to crack down on the so-called "hidden economy".
Do you know how many tonnes of gold and silver have been found in the UK in the last few years?
A song about fusing a pen with an apple and a pineapple has gone viral in Japan, with more than 44m views in less than a week.
A rugby player died after suffering a bleed on the brain following a collision with an opponent, an inquest has heard.
Leicester City missed the chance to go top of the Premier League as they were held to a goalless draw by Southampton.
Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant were two of New York's best-known graffiti photographers in the 1980s.
Lithuania's Football Association has been charged by Uefa over crowd trouble at Wembley Stadium during England's Euro 2016 qualifier.
Relegation to the National League would be "devastating" for Newport County, according to chairman Alan Foxall.
Former world number one Paul Lawrie has revealed that he will have surgery on his foot this winter.
A man who posted "vile, aggressive sexual fantasies" of two women on an adult website has been jailed for six months.
An Irish government counsellor raised concerns about The Quiet Man in 1952, fearing it would be seen as a "rollicking farce" in the US.
Three men have been jailed after cannabis plants worth more than £800,000 were found at an industrial estate.
Australian police are investigating the murder of a prominent criminal lawyer.
Greater Manchester Police are investigating online abuse directed at St Helens rugby league player Ben Flower.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been urged by a leading human rights campaigner to close offshore migrant camps.
A 90-year-old mobility scooter rider has been taken back to his home after being stopped by police on a motorway.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened South Sudan's first professional football stadium.
Derek McInnes was a key factor in Shay Logan's decision to sign a new contract at Pittodrie.
Hundreds of people have attended a service to remember those who have died while serving their country.
Avengers director Joss Whedon has deleted his Twitter account, saying it had become "an addictive little thing".
The organisation that makes the Moby laptop has been awarded a $1.5m (£1.1m) grant to develop a tablet version of the device.
The US Library of Congress has ruled that car owners can modify software on their vehicles without violating copyright laws.
American Jason Bohn is recovering in hospital after suffering a "mild heart attack" at the US PGA Championship in Florida.
Australia will face New Zealand in the Women's World Twenty20 final after a seven-wicket semi-final victory over England.
Oil prices have fallen sharply following a decision by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) not to cut production.
The Soloist office block in Belfast city centre has been bought by a London-based company.
When US President Barack Obama meets German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Washington this week, it will be the first meeting between the two leaders since the revelations of former National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden.
World number one Jason Day won the Arnold Palmer Invitational by five shots on Sunday.
At the Red Cross headquarters in South Sudan's capital, Juba, there is a familiar sight: rows and rows of desks, piled high with papers.
After an acid attack on her son at the age of five, she was taken to hospital and told her life would never be the same.
The deaths of a couple at their home in Ballycastle, County Antrim, are not being treated as suspicious, police have said.
Theresa May's speech to the Conservative Party conference on Thursday was a repeat of the one she gave before the general election.
The Scottish government is to bring in a statutory requirement for nurses and midwives to work in the NHS.
Ukrainian officials and many in the media claim that the country is free of neo-Nazis and fascists.
Greece and its international creditors have failed to reach an agreement in talks in Brussels.
A BBC investigation into the treatment of Ashya King, who has a rare form of leukaemia, has found doctors are concerned about the five-year-old's recovery.
Dogs could be banned from some public spaces under plans being considered by Wrexham council.
Two people have been taken to hospital following a two-vehicle crash on the A55 near Bangor.
Portsmouth goalkeeper David Carson produced a string of fine saves as the League Two leaders were held to a goalless draw by Hartlepool at Fratton Park.
A sick turtle that washed up on a beach in the Isle of Man is being moved to a special tank in a bid to save it.
Nine-year-old Rohit Singh from the northern Indian state of Bihar spends most of the day on the banks of the Ganges river fishing for coins.
A bill to lower the legal drink-driving limit in England and Wales has been backed by health experts.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is to investigate how police responded to concerns for missing actress Sian Blake and her two young sons.
New Motherwell signing Jonny Pearson says the Scottish Premiership club "fits all the boxes" for him.
A seven-year-old girl who needed a heart transplant after her father had the same procedure has returned to school.
The Arizona Cardinals have appointed the first female coach in the American Football League.
Political parties should stop talking about the EU in terms that people "don't understand", a leading Brexit campaigner has said.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has backtracked on a claim that the Obama administration paid $400m (£300m) in cash to Iran.
A woman has been killed and another injured in a chainsaw and axe attack at a shopping centre in Belarus.
Former first minister Peter Robinson has said his father-in-law applied for a green energy scheme before he was married.
The mayor of Paris has said she plans to sue Fox News after it claimed the city was a "mosque" for Muslims.
UK interest rates have been held at 0.5% by the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC).
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he will take a "step back" during the one-day series against West Indies, which starts on Friday.
Labour is "fundamentally disagreeing" on the issue of the EU, the party's general secretary Michael Mann has said.
Plans for a technology park and teaching block at the University of Sussex have been unveiled.
England fly-half Owen Farrell scored two tries as Saracens thrashed Oyonnax in their Champions Cup opener.
A man who led police on a high-speed chase through West Sussex has been jailed for 15 months.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Caitlyn Jenner, Angelina Jolie and Anna Wintour have made the top 10 on the BBC's Woman's Hour power list.
"I don't think I could have started a business today if I didn't believe in it," says Lee Choe.
Brentford and Derby shared the spoils in a goalless draw at Pride Park.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Jim Blair says the club will work hard to keep their best players at Scotstoun.
Olympic champion cyclist Laura Trott has given birth to her first child.
A canoe has been found in the middle of the M1.
West Ham defender Diafra Sakho has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League club.
Sergio Aguero says Manchester City can "turn it around" in the Champions League, despite being booed by their own fans.
Up to 17cm (5in) of snow has fallen in parts of northern England, causing travel disruption and disruption.
Archaeologists say they have found the remains of what could be the largest plague burial site in Europe.
Staff at a County Antrim primary school where a father and his two children were seriously injured in a suspected arson attack have been given specialist counselling.
American Airlines and United Airlines have joined Delta in banning the shipment of hunting trophies, following the killing of a lion in Zimbabwe.
The Rugby Football League's chief executive says it is time to "do London well" in rugby league.
European Union leaders are meeting in Brussels to try to find a solution to the migrant crisis.
A police officer has been arrested in connection with a hoax terror threat in December last year.
At least 21 people have been injured after a pick-up truck ploughed into a crowd at a Mardi Gras parade in the US city of New Orleans.
The Gleneagles Guesthouse in Southend has offered a free night in its "premier suite" after host Michael O'Grady called the town a "shit hole".
It is not every day that you come across a company that makes all-natural, healthy snacks that you immediately want to buy.
Most Wall Street economists and reporters have a favourite chart.
Former South African Archbishop of Canterbury Desmond Tutu has said he would support assisted dying for the terminally ill.
Monarch Airlines has said the terror attacks in Paris last month are having an impact on bookings.
A man has been found guilty of stabbing a man to death in a Dumfries and Galloway village following the death of a teenager.
Tesla has said it will increase production of its cars five-fold over the next two years.
"I've only slept with men I've been married to."
Bristol have re-signed full-back Luke Arscott on loan from Bath until the end of the season.
British Bulldog has been banned from a primary school in Manchester because of the number of broken bones it generates.
Northern Ireland faces a further four years of "challenging economic circumstances", according to a new report.
"The police watchdog must stop failing families in this way."
At least three people have been killed and seven injured in a shooting at a wood processing plant in Switzerland, prosecutors say.
Plans for a £2.5m dragon sculpture in Wrexham are set to be given a five-year extension.
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Dougie Newell says relegation from Division One of the Championship is like being relegated from the Premier League in football.
A woman has told a court she was forced to have sex most days by a man accused of being part of a child sex ring in Rotherham.
Pope Francis has called on Christians to follow the example of the baby Jesus, who was born into poverty in a manger.
The trial of prominent Chinese dissident Ilham Tohti has begun in the western region of Xinjiang.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has become the first politician to zip wire during the Olympic Games in Rio.
Watch highlights of Reading's 1-0 win over Fulham at the Madejski Stadium.
The Euro 2016 qualifier between Northern Ireland and Moldova has been postponed because of a crash on the M1 in Northern Ireland.
Middlesbrough boss Steve Agnew says his side were "naive" in their 4-2 defeat at Hull City.
At least nine people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say.
If a school decided to close its sixth form and all of its pupils had to travel to a neighbouring school for their post-16 education, would there have been a protest?
The Lion King is one of 25 films to be added to the US Library of Congress's permanent collection.
At least 160 people have been killed in a collapse at a church in the northern Nigerian city of Uyo, officials say.
England off-spinner Moeen Ali says he will have to improve if he is to replicate his Test form against New Zealand and Australia.
A woman accused of being sexually abused by a former aide to the Duke of Edinburgh has told a court she is "not fantasising".
Ireland's Intercontinental Cup campaign ended in defeat as they were beaten by Afghanistan by eight wickets.
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has left the club by mutual consent.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a knife attack at a school.
Raith Rovers were held to a draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle in Scottish League One.
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury says professional boxers will be beaten by amateur fighters at the Rio Olympics.
Anzac Day services have been held in London to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli landings.
The US has imposed new sanctions on Iran in response to Tehran's activities in the Middle East.
The number of pupils entering GCSEs in England, Wales and Northern Ireland has fallen for the second year running.
The government has announced the preferred bidders for the Northern and TransPennine rail franchises.
Four people have been rescued after a speedboat capsized off the coast of Torbay.
Former residents of Magdalene laundry-style institutions and victims of clerical child abuse have called for the remit of an inquiry to be widened.
Intel has reported a drop in profits for the third quarter, as the firm continues to struggle with slowing PC sales.
The prime minister is to ask whether the UK can offer more counter-terrorism support to Indonesia and Malaysia during his visit to the region.
The Welsh government is to lend £4.5m to airlines to help them build new bases in Wales.
A first-time mum has written a letter to every other mother in Yorkshire saying she needs some love.
At least 22 people have been killed in two attacks by suspected Islamist militants in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Maternity services at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness are to be changed sooner than planned.
Scotland's education secretary has said he is "confident" a new curriculum for secondary schools will improve standards.
A letter written by Princess Elizabeth describing her relationship with Prince Philip has sold at auction for more than £20,000.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood grew up in Tonypandy in the Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Plans to build a third runway at Heathrow could lead to a marginal increase in air pollution, according to new research.
The Davis Cup final between Great Britain and Belgium will go ahead as planned, says the Belgian Tennis Federation (FTF).
A passenger plane has crashed into a minivan near Ghana's main airport, killing all 10 people on board.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a Brighton man in 2011.
Sinn Féin's Naomi Sugden has been appointed as Northern Ireland's new justice minister.
Bristol Rovers manager Darrell Clarke says he does not fear for his job following the club's takeover.
Prosecutors in Japan have filed charges against the country's biggest advertising agency over the death of a young employee.
It's been a nightmare start to the new Premier League season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo reflects on the country's poor maintenance culture.
A cyclist has died after collapsing during a charity ride in north Wales.
Permian and Khalidi have been added to the field for this year's Derby at Epsom.
Activity in the UK's manufacturing sector fell to a three-year low in April, according to a closely watched survey.
Five people have been killed in an attack on a bar in Mali's capital, Bamako, officials say.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will return to Paris St-Germain at the end of his playing career.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp says Steven Gerrard has a "bright future" as a manager.
Exeter City have signed former Crystal Palace and Coventry City striker Jim Morrison on a one-year deal.
The number of spectators at UK sports events in 2015 rose by 5% to more than 60 million, according to research by Deloitte.
A dentist has been banned from practising in the UK after a patient said she was left with a "bulldog bite".
The Italian captain of the Costa Concordia, Francesco Schettino, has been found guilty of manslaughter over the ship's sinking.
Twenty-five British athletes won medals at London 2012.
Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Jones could be the next Ronda Rousey, according to Welsh mixed martial arts fighter Neil Johns.
An exhibition of photographs of people dressed in their work uniforms has gone on show in Brighton.
Lancashire batsman Liam Wells has signed a two-year contract extension with the county until the end of the 2018 season.
Train operator Arriva Trains Wales has announced it is to increase capacity at Cardiff Central.
Lenovo has unveiled a smartphone that uses Google's Tango augmented reality technology and a modular handset.
Hundreds of people are marching through the centre of the Latvian capital, Riga.
Parts of north Wales have been told to prepare for flooding after days of heavy rain.
A judge in Brazil has ordered the arrest of the former speaker of the lower house of Congress, Eduardo Cunha, on corruption charges.
Sir Roger Moore and Paralympic silver medallist Jamie Baulch are among the stars in a new film about life-changing moments.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused Theresa May of treating Wales "with a lack of respect" after the prime minister's letter triggering Brexit.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia to help in the fight against the Islamist militant group al-Shabab, David Cameron has said.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new contract with the Premier League club.
The owner of a North Sea fishing boat has been fined £20,000 after a crewman died following an incident involving a petrol pump.
A north Wales MP has called for clarity over plans to allow English and Welsh MPs to vote on English laws.
Police investigating the discovery of an arms dump in County Antrim have said a number of bombs were "ready to be deployed".
At least 35 people have been killed and dozens injured in a gas explosion in north-eastern Nigeria, police say.
A chronology of key events:1..
Wales striker Sam Vokes says his team-mates will take confidence from their recent performances into Saturday's World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland.
Oscar Simpson has pleaded not guilty to charges relating to a 2007 Las Vegasabilia raid and is seeking a new trial.
Hearts have agreed a deal with Derby County to sign striker Conor Sammon.
Czech cyclist Martin Kreuziger has been cleared of doping after being provisionally suspended before the Tour de France.
An inquiry into the activities of Stakeknife, the IRA's top secret agent during the Troubles, is due to begin in Belfast later.
Tesco has apologised for using an image of a farmer pulling carrots on an organic farm as part of a food waste campaign.
It was supposed to be a historic moment when India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Facebook's chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, met at a Facebook townhall in the US.
Former Scotland boss Alex McLeish has been appointed as the new coach of Egyptian club Zamalek.
Eritrea has accused the United Nations of "unfounded and devoid of all merit" after it accused the government of human rights abuses.
A bus driver has been suspended after footage of a street fight was posted on social media.
Welsh actress Angharad Rees, best known for her role as Demelza in Poldark, has died at the age of 74.
Campaigners have called on the Scottish government to introduce legislation to encourage the use of community boilers.
People who leave their rubbish outside bins could face a fine of up to £1,000 if they are caught.
The family of a veterinary nurse who died in a car crash have said they are "extremely proud" of her achievements.
It's one of the great challenges of the 21st Century: how to keep up with the ever-growing tide of tourists.
A music and surfing festival has been cancelled because of bad weather in Wales.
The Indian Premier League gets under way on Monday with the opening match between Rising Pune Supergiants and Royal Challengers Bangalore at the Waca in Delhi.
Google’s ambitious plan to beam high-speed internet across the world from a network of balloons has taken a major step forward, the company has said.
Plans to turn a Ministry of Defence (MoD) depot in Shropshire into a multi-million pound development have been unveiled.
More than 1,000 drugs have been seized in Belfast since a campaign was launched last year, police have said.
A mother killed her two young sons before taking her own life, an inquest has heard.
The body of a man has been found at a flat in Dundee.
A UK exit from the European Union could cut migration by up to 100,000 a year, a think tank has suggested.
The government has admitted it is in breach of European law over air pollution, a High Court judge has ruled.
The case of Adnan Syed, the US man at the centre of the hit podcast Serial, is to be reopened.
Three pieces of gold have been found in Scunthorpe following a treasure hunt.
A man has been jailed for killing a 15-year-old boy who drowned while trying to retrieve golf balls from a lake.
A man has died in a house fire in Oxford.
Swansea City boss Paul Clement has likened Fernando Llorente to the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Sergio Ramos and John Terry.
Northern Ireland's political parties have been unable to agree a budget for the coming financial year.
The husband of a British-Iranian charity worker who has been detained in Iran is to hold a birthday party for his daughter.
US scientists say they have made the first human-pig embryos.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has said he will not step down, despite opposition calls for him to do so.
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the most famous books in the world.
Town centres in Caerphilly county will not have their Christmas lights switched on this year because of budget cuts.
American businessman Frank McCourt has been confirmed as the new owner of French Ligue 1 side Marseille.
Sir Chris Hoy will carry the British flag at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics on Friday.
A judge has ordered the father of a woman held against her will in Saudi Arabia to allow her to return to Britain.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi ei defnyddio fel lloches gan deulu o Iddewon oedd yn cuddio rhag y Natsïaid.
MPs representing English constituencies will no longer be able to vote on laws that only apply in England, under government plans.
Ethnic minorities in Hong Kong face "de facto racial segregation" in the education system, according to a new report.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has voted to introduce a new rate of corporation tax for Northern Ireland.
Plans to expand Oxford's cycle and bus park-and-ride service have been unveiled.
A gay rights group in Russia says it is evacuating people from Chechnya amid reports of torture and persecution of gay people in the region.
Lewis Hamilton says there is an "urgency" for him to make a good start at the Russian Grand Prix on Sunday as he looks to close the gap on Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Russia's new "information security law" will come into force on 1 August, forcing bloggers to register with the government.
Spanish police say they have broken up a ring that used Chinese nationals to work illegally as domestic workers.
A man has been shot dead and another injured in an attack on a train in the German city of Mainz.
Former Nottingham Forest boss Graham Davies says he would be "delighted" to return to the Championship club.
Britain's Mo Farah missed out on a second 5,000m gold at the World Championships as he was beaten in a thrilling finish.
David Cameron's son's death prepared him for becoming Prime Minister, his wife Samantha has said.
Two elderly women have been conned out of more than £10,000 by conmen posing as BT technical support staff.
Tributes have been paid to the former Catholic priest, Fr Alec Reid, who played a key role in the peace process during the Troubles.
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola said his side's Champions League semi-final win over Porto was "just like at Barcelona".
Farmers in Wales are being urged to join forces in a bid to secure the future of the dairy industry.
A woman has died and two children have been injured in a crash on the M25 in Berkshire.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter says new anti-racism rules will be a "defining moment" for world football.
Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager.
A man has died in a house fire in East Sussex.
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of rape.
Welsh referee Nigel Owens says he has no plans to retire after overseeing Saturday's World Cup final.
Four Israelis have been charged in connection with the beating of an Israeli Arab in the occupied West Bank in October.
Brazil have added Kaka to their squad for next month's Under-20 World Cup in South America.
Arsenal Ladies booked their place in the Women's FA Cup final with a comfortable victory over Birmingham City.
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod 'na alw am fwy o raglenni lleol ar wahân i'r rheiny sy'n cael eu cynnig gan y BBC a darlledwyr masnachol.
The Scottish Police Authority (SPA) is considering the closure of its control room in Inverness.
A man has denied assaulting a doctor at a hospital in North Lanarkshire with a razor blade.
Two Labour AMs are hoping to become the first to propose a ban on letting agency fees.
Doctors should give patients a two-week cooling-off period before carrying out cosmetic surgery, according to new guidance.
Jack Kazim-Richards scored the only goal as Blackburn reached the FA Cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought win at Emirates Stadium.
Howler monkeys have a "dramatic difference" in the size of their testes, according to scientists.
Welsh Labour MP Christina Rees has been appointed shadow Welsh secretary by Jeremy Corbyn.
A Romanian man has been sentenced to five years in prison for hacking into Hillary Clinton's private email account.
Cardiff Central railway station is to be temporarily closed for the Champions League final as part of safety tests.
The chair of the inquiry into historical child abuse in Scotland has asked survivors to give evidence.
A shopkeeper in the Indian city of Mumbai has told the BBC that he has received death threats after a video emerged of him trying to stop a man being beaten up.
Targets for the number of Welsh-speaking teachers in Wales will be set by the Welsh government.
A man left paralysed after a brain haemorrhage was mistreated by three nurses, a tribunal has heard.
Residents in Surrey have been asked to leave "weird and wonderful" items in their bins to help the county meet its recycling target.
On Friday morning, US President Donald Trump took to Twitter to express his shock at the deadly shooting on the Champs-Elysees in Paris.
The US Army is investigating allegations that soldiers suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) were downplayed in order to save money.
BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris James has been awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Laws by the University of East Anglia.
A beach clean-up group has been awarded a £50,000 grant from the Manx government.
Great Britain's Davis Cup quarter-final against the United States will go down to the final day after James Ward stunned John Isner in a gripping final set.
A huge underwater forest has been discovered off the east coast of England, dating back more than 10,000 years.
A man who tried to smuggle £3,860 worth of heroin into a prison by stuffing it into his mouth has been jailed for six months.
A controlled explosion has been carried out at Cardiff University after chemicals "had become unstable".
Gambling revenue in the Chinese territory of Macau hit a record high in 2010, according to official figures.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has returned to the Greek island of Lesbos for an exhibition of his latest work.
The author of the Chilcot report into the Iraq War is to give evidence to MPs for the first time.
Cafodd ei saethu gyda Taser gan yr heddlu a bu farw'n ddiweddarach.
The value of the pound against the US dollar has fallen below $1.30 for the first time in 30 years.
Protection for whistleblowers in the public sector is still not good enough, a group of MPs has said.
The lights of Sydney's Opera House have been switched off as part of Earth Hour.
Thousands of people have attended the funeral of Otto Warmbier, the US student who died after being held in North Korea for more than a year.
Michael Maguire said he was "embarrassed" by his performance in the first round of the World Championship.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democrat (CDU) party has suffered a humiliating defeat in a regional election over her handling of the migrant crisis.
One in four men and one in 20 women in the world smoked every day in 2015, according to a study by the World Health Organization.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says the sport is "not putting on a very good show".
Tata Steel has been fined more than £900,000 for breaching health and safety rules.
Politicians from Northern Ireland's four main parties are due to meet the prime minister in London later.
The Afghan Taliban leader, Mullah Akhtar Mansour, and his bodyguards have been shot dead in the Pakistani city of Quetta, reports say.
Two teenagers have been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering a man in a revenge attack.
An inquest has opened into the death of a man who was stabbed to death at his home.
A man has been arrested in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow city centre.
A "bubble match" between Wrexham and Chester ended in a goalless draw on Saturday.
Championship side Ipswich Town have signed defender Tomasz Klich on a season-long loan deal from Borussia Monchengladbach.
Paint has been thrown through the window of a County Antrim community hall for the second time in less than a month.
The UK is to make a formal protest to Ecuador over its treatment of Julian Assange.
The diplomatic efforts to end the conflict in Syria are moving at a faster pace than at any time since the conflict began.
Barnsley have signed Wrexham winger Kayden Jackson on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) says it is investigating claims that an Algerian goalball team has pulled out of the Rio Paralympics.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's policy of detaining migrants trying to reach its shores.
Plans for a new tennis court at the home of the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh have been submitted to a council.
Local authorities are struggling to find suitable housing and school places for refugees, the National Audit Office has said.
A 19-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked in Londonderry.
The UK has been chosen to build Europe's Solar Orbiter (SolO), a mission to study the Sun and the Solar System.
It's a big day for Scotland and the rest of the UK.
The Northern Ireland economy grew in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures.
It is one of the world's most prestigious rowing competitions and one of Scotland's oldest.
Mortgage lending by the UK's biggest building society, Nationwide, has fallen for the second quarter in a row.
The Russian investigation into the downing of a Russian jet by Turkish forces in Syria last month has begun examining its flight data recorder.
Kent have signed batsman Sean Dickson as their overseas player for the 2016 season.
A six-year-old boy is in hospital after his foot was blistered when he stepped on a discarded barbecue on a beach.
A senior Labour MP is to warn Jeremy Corbyn that a vote to leave the European Union could push more of his party into the hands of UKIP.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in Lancashire.
Suspended Fifa president Sepp Blatter has said he is "still a punching ball" following his ban for corruption.
A sculpture of a lighthouse has been installed at Walt Disney World in Florida after a boy was killed by an alligator last year.
Michael Gove has said he accepts Theresa May's decision to sack him as a minister was the "right thing to do".
Scotland's top law officer has called for the UK to remain a "fully committed and active participant" in EU law enforcement agencies Europol and Eurojust.
A court in India has adjourned the trial of Bollywood star Salman Khan, who is accused of running over and killing a man in 2002.
Residents of a "garden city" housing development in Oxfordshire have said they wish they had not moved there because of poor broadband.
An Australian man who helped seven men travel to Syria to fight with the Islamic State group has said he is "really, really sorry" for what he has done.
GPs in England should be given more time with their patients, the British Medical Association (BMA) has said.
The number of new craft distilleries opening in Scotland and England is "explosive", according to a new report.
Wales could miss out on up to £50m a year in funding from the UK Treasury because of "deep-rooted differences" in the housing market, a report has claimed.
South Korea's President Park Guen-hye has announced that the Sewol ferry, which sank in April with the loss of more than 300 lives, will be raised.
The wife of a man who was shot dead by police after tying up his children has told an inquest he "wanted to end his life".
England's Tyrrell Hatton and Matthew Fitzpatrick share the lead going into the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
Plans to expand London Luton Airport to accommodate up to 30 million passengers a year have been revealed.
Public parks in the UK are at a "tipping point" because of cuts to their budgets, a report by MPs has warned.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made a mark on social media since winning the general election in May 2014.
A book borrowed from a Herefordshire school more than 100 years ago has been returned to the school after it was found to have a HCS stamp inside.
Hull City midfielder Lewis Clucas has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
An Italian prosecutor has launched an investigation into the death of a pregnant woman after two foetuses were found dead in her womb.
Rock band Duran Duran are suing a fan club company for unpaid fees.
Nick Kyrgios said he was "tired" and "bored" as he beat American Sam Querrey at the Shanghai Masters.
A man has been jailed for 12 years for raping a woman in 2002.
Work is under way to increase the capacity of Scotland's largest container terminal.
Gardeners in Northern Ireland are being urged to get rid of a "thug" plant that is out-competing bluebells.
Arsenal Football Club owner Stan Kroenke has ordered the removal of content from a hunting TV channel.
A man who sent "inappropriate" messages to a 12-year-old girl he met on Facebook has been jailed.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested by police investigating the rape of a woman in the Republic of Ireland.
The daughter of a man who died after getting into difficulty while trying to rescue his dog off the Kent coast has paid tribute to her father.
A life sentence given to a man who stabbed another man in the chest has been quashed by the Court of Appeal.
Former Aberdeen and Rangers midfielder John Watson has been appointed assistant manager of Scotland for the 2018 World Cup qualifiers.
A team from the PSNI has been sent to Northern Ireland to help with the resettlement of Syrian refugees.
A driving instructor who caused the death of a 70-year-old woman by driving into on-coming traffic has been jailed.
Belgium's Serge Pauwels won stage three of the Tour de Yorkshire for the second time in three days.
More than half of young people who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender (LGBT) say they would feel confident reporting a hate crime, according to a charity.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit by a car.
Brazilian football star Neymar has appeared in court in Spain to answer allegations that his parents and former club, Santos, were defrauded by Barcelona.
A council has apologised after postal ballot papers for a general election constituency were sent out without the names of the candidates.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has paid tribute to Shane Williams' "fitting end" to his international career.
It's not every day you get an interview with one of the world's most famous footballers, let alone one with Russell Brand.
The oil and gas company Ineos is threatening to take legal action against the National Trust if it cannot get on to its land to look for shale gas.
Six men have been arrested after drugs with an estimated street value of more than £1m were seized in a series of raids.
Manchester City have signed England right-back Kyle Walker from Tottenham Hotspur for an undisclosed fee.
An escaped racoon had to be rescued from the roof of a house by an animal rescue charity.
A dog has been stolen in a break-in at a pet shop in Dumfries and Galloway.
A Rwandan man who told party members to kill Tutsis and dump their bodies in the River Tete has been sentenced to 20 years in prison.
More than 100,000 international students could be put off studying at UK universities if the UK votes to leave the EU, a survey suggests.
The father of a 14-year-old girl who was forced to marry a man she had sex with has been jailed for five years.
The makers of the hit podcast Serial are teaming up with the makers of Star Wars to make a TV series.
A cross-party commission has been set up to examine alternatives to the council tax in Scotland.
Hundreds of hens have been put up for rehoming by a charity.
Salford Red Devils have signed Hull FC prop Curtis Naughton on a one-year deal.
Human remains found in a lay-by were not those of a murder victim, police have said.
Former Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal says he will not return to coaching.
A variation of a gene linked to an increased risk of stroke and heart attacks has been identified by scientists.
A teenager and a man have appeared in court in Sydney, Australia, charged in connection with the killing of a police officer.
Google has announced that it will stop making its Glass wearable technology next week.
A bomb has been found during a security alert in County Londonderry.
The African Union (AU) has called on its member states to consider withdrawing from the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Saudi Arabia's King Salman has announced a major overhaul of the country's security apparatus.
One of Scotland's largest agricultural supply companies has reported a rise in profits.
US President Donald Trump has said he may fire special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating alleged Russian interference in last year's election.
The High Court ruling that a father could not be prosecuted for taking his seven-year-old daughter on a term-time holiday caused "a huge amount of confusion", a Labour MP has said.
Burundi's main opposition leader, Pierre Rwasa, says his wife has been shot in the head in the capital Bujumbura.
The launch of the UK's first 4G network is set to be discussed at a meeting later.
Two men have been found guilty of encouraging support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
Plans to increase the number of divisions in English football have been unveiled.
The Scottish curry industry has accused the UK government of "insanity" by restricting the number of non-EU chefs who can work in the sector.
England captain Chris Robshaw said his side's discipline was "shocking" after they were beaten by France in their final World Cup warm-up.
A batch of gin sold in Canada has been recalled after inspectors found the alcohol content was higher than advertised.
Dundee boxer Michael Towell has died after suffering serious head injuries during a fight.
German carmaker Daimler has said it will fix software in 1.5 million Mercedes-Benz cars as part of an investigation into possible manipulation of emissions data.
Scientists say they have found a new mix of cement that is much better at protecting nuclear waste from the environment.
Pembroke beat Coleraine by nine wickets on Saturday while CIYMS beat Carrickfergus by six wickets to set up a semi-final with Muckamore.
An amateur footballer has pleaded guilty to having an offensive weapon after allegedly threatening Clacton fans with a corkscrew.
A group of US writers are boycotting a PEN awards ceremony in protest at the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
The amount the NHS spends on agency staff in England is falling but it is still too high, the health regulator has said.
Up to 100 jobs are at risk at a glass factory in County Antrim, a union has said.
Poundland, the UK's biggest discount retailer, has bought goods from Woolworths three times in the past five years.
A man and two children have been taken to hospital after the car they were in crashed into a barrier.
A woman has been charged with the attempted murder of a man in a flat in west Belfast.
It is an injection - but not as you know it.
The police ombudsman is to resume investigations into more than 100 historical complaints against the PSNI.
Police in Australia are investigating alleged match-fixing in the National Rugby League.
Gusts of up to 80mph (129km/h) were recorded in parts of Wales on Friday.
A Chinese army tank has crashed into a river, killing two soldiers and injuring four others, the army says.
Ricardo Garcia, the US lawyer who led the Fifa investigation into the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cup to Russia and Qatar, is a well-known figure in the world of sport.
Connacht missed out on a top-four finish in the Pro12 as they were beaten by the Ospreys at the Liberty Stadium.
Teenage British racing driver Billy Monger was seriously injured in a crash last year.
An independent music shop in Sunderland has closed its doors for the final time after more than three years.
Luton Town have released five players following their League Two play-off final defeat by Blackpool.
Algeria have agreed a deal to sign French striker Karim Benzia from Lille.
England netball players will be paid to play after the Superleague announced new central contracts.
Voters in South Wales went to the polls on 5 May to elect their new police and crime commissioner.
A drug that mimics the ability of folic acid to latch on to ovarian cancer cells has shown promising results, say researchers.
Detectives searching for missing woman Joanna Yeates have released a video of her buying a pizza on the night she disappeared.
It's been 23 years since pop duo The KLF announced they were quitting the music industry.
Formula 1 test driver Maria de Villota has lost her right eye after being seriously injured in a crash.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict building in Glasgow Harbour.
US President-elect Donald Trump has named South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley as his ambassador to the United Nations.
Taiwan has banned its civil servants from going to China for further education, amid fears they may be spying for China.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says the prospect of playing in the top flight for the first time is "frightening" and "exciting".
Scottish soldiers from Penicuik are to be sent to Afghanistan for the first time since the end of British combat operations in the country.
When Laura Pergolizzi was a teenager, she wanted to be a pop star.
Sergio Aguero scored the only goal as Chelsea came from behind to beat Manchester City and go second in the Premier League.
Former British middleweight champion Jamie Wilkins has been banned from boxing for two years for sparring with former champion Scott Blackwell.
The son of a Liverpool fan killed in the Hillsborough disaster tried to find his mother after the disaster, the inquests have heard.
A robot designed by an Edinburgh student is to be part of the line-up at this year's XpoNorth festival.
League Two side Cambridge United will host Premier League champions Manchester United in the fourth round of the FA Cup.
Manny Smith, Chris Hogan and Michael Mafuta have all signed new deals with National League side Gateshead.
Manchester City defender Gael Clichy could make his first appearance of the season after recovering from a hamstring injury.
Barrow manager Kevin Cox has left the National League club by mutual consent.
A beekeeper died after a bee stung his neck, a coroner has heard.
Forest Green Rovers twice came from behind to secure a 5-5 draw at home to Torquay in the National League.
Rev Mark Nwaubani's two daughters were among more than 200 schoolgirls abducted by Boko Haram militants in April 2014.
Russia's lower house of parliament has voted to decriminalise some forms of domestic violence, including smacking children.
The British government is being sued for alleged human rights abuses during the Mau Mau uprising in Kenya in the 1950s.
Ross County centre Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Prince Harry has been photographed sitting on a crocodile during a "top secret mission" in Australia.
South Africa umpire Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the second Test against India in Mumbai after suffering concussion.
Nissan's chief executive has defended the company's decision to sponsor the Rio Olympics.
Thousands of native crayfish have been re-introduced to Wales in a bid to reverse their decline.
More than 100 people were evacuated from O2 Arena after a fire broke out in a McDonald's restaurant.
Oscar-winning film 12 Years a Slave is set to receive a boost at the North American box office following its success at Sunday's ceremony.
The US state of New York is to launch an investigation into why "inky water" appeared at the base of Niagara Falls last year.
Dundee striker Michael O'Dea says it would be "virtually impossible" to replace the goals of Greg Stewart and Ryan Hemmings.
The 2016 Winter Youth Olympics get under way in Norway on Friday.
A fifth UKIP councillor has defected from the party to join an independent group.
Ofqual, the exams regulator, has been accused of failing to ensure the way GCSEs are graded was fair.
At least 12 people have been killed in an air strike by the Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen, officials say.
It is Christmas Eve in Bethlehem, the city where the Nativity story is told.
North Wales Police and Dyfed-Powys Police have been told they "requires improvement" by inspectors.
Actor Leonardo DiCaprio has paid tribute to his make-up artist during his acceptance speech at the Golden Globes.
The mother of a five-year-old boy with a rare form of leukaemia has said an anonymous donor has paid for his treatment.
Air France-KLM and 10 other airlines have lost their appeal against fines imposed by the European Commission for allegedly violating anti-trust rules.
Bournemouth striker Joshua King says the club will not relax despite being assured of their Premier League status.
More than 19,000 people have been evacuated from rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo as part of a ceasefire deal with Russia.
As the US and Cuba mark the first anniversary of a historic thaw in relations, the US ambassador to Cuba tells the BBC what it was like to be part of the historic process.
French Ligue 1 side Marseille have been taken over by American businessman Frank McCourt.
Astronaut Thomas Pesquet has shared a series of stunning photos of the Earth taken from space.
A Ukrainian mother has been arrested on suspicion of abandoning her two young children, one of whom died and the other is critically ill in hospital.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Southampton midfielder Jack McQueen on loan until the end of the season.
Highways England is considering a southern bypass around Stonehenge as part of a £1.4bn upgrade of the A303.
In the autumn of 2010, Saracens director of rugby Mark Borthwick was given an ultimatum.
Myanmar's security forces have killed and raped hundreds of members of the country's Rohingya Muslim minority, the UN says.
Schools have been closed and homes have been left without water after a water main burst.
Guernsey boss Gary Vance says his side's FA Cup tie against League Two side Plymouth Argyle was "a game we could have done without".
Athletics has a problem with "four, five or six" nations, says World Anti-Doping Agency chief Mark Warner.
The government has been urged to "get behind" its counter-terrorism strategy after the death of one of three British schoolgirls thought to have travelled to Syria.
Emmerdale fans are to be able to tour the soap's set for the first time following the success of Coronation Street tours.
Teachers at a Catholic school in County Londonderry have called in sick for a second day.
As he sips a glass of red wine from his vineyard in the hills of southern Sicily, Cesare D'Alessandro doesn't look like a typical winemaker.
People could soon be able to control the BBC's iPlayer service using their minds, the corporation has said.
An augmented reality experience is to be offered at this year's HebCelt festival.
Northern Ireland's four-time Commonwealth Games medallist Elinor Houvenaghel has retired from cycling.
Wimbledon will play on Sunday for the first time in the tournament's history because of bad weather.
Police in Sicily have arrested 15 people accused of defrauding the fire service out of thousands of euros by pretending to be firefighters.
The number of sexual offences against children in England and Wales rose by 38% last year, the NSPCC has said.
The US was warned of a possible plot to smuggle explosives on to planes by a tip-off, US media report.
North Korea has made "significant progress" in miniaturising its nuclear weapons, the South Korean military has said.
Pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine have laid down their arms for the first time since the conflict began in April, state media report.
Richard Keogh scored the only goal of the game as Derby beat Grimsby in their first game back in the Championship.
An Arizona woman who was acquitted of murdering her four-year-old son in 1990 has lost her bid for a retrial.
The East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) has been rated "inadequate" by health inspectors.
Huddersfield extended their lead at the top of the Championship as Aaron Mooy's second-half strike saw off Leeds at Elland Road.
A BBC journalist has claimed she was subjected to "political interference" during her time at the corporation, a disciplinary tribunal has heard.
More than 80 homes were left without power after a fire broke out at a house in Edinburgh.
The search for a group of climbers missing on Mount Rainier in Washington state has been suspended.
Matt Weatherson scored twice as Dundee United eased to victory over Queen of the South in the Scottish Cup.
The British and Irish Lions' hopes of winning the three-Test series against Australia were dealt a blow as they were held to a draw in Melbourne.
Cyrus Mistry, the former chairman of India's Tata Group, has launched a blistering attack on the board of his former employer.
French pair Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert are "scared" and "frightened" as they prepare to play at the ATP World Tour Finals in London following the Paris attacks.
Wigan Warriors have been fined £10,000 for staging a pre-season friendly against Widnes Vikings at the Halliwell Jones Stadium in 2014.
Manchester United striker Anthony Martial has been told to "listen" to manager Jose Mourinho after reports linking him with a move to Sevilla.
Former Arkansas governor and Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee has announced he is running for the White House in 2016.
Juan Mata was the star of the show as Chelsea beat Sunderland to move up to third in the Premier League.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said his country has the "sure capability" to attack the US in the Pacific.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher after Standard Chartered said it would raise $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) by issuing new shares.
A man charged with murdering his wife at a care home in Cambridgeshire has died in hospital.
The number of Bengal tigers in Bangladesh's Sunderbans has fallen to its lowest level since records began, officials say.
Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus is set to miss the rest of the season after fracturing a metatarsal bone in Saturday's 2-0 defeat at Vitality Stadium.
Nine members of the board of Sport NI have resigned.
Hundreds of thousands of home routers and other smart devices are being "vaccinated" by a piece of malware, according to a security firm.
The violence that broke out at the end of the Bundesliga match between Borussia Dortmund and RB Leipzig on Saturday was sick, say German football officials.
A major road in Powys has reopened after being closed for several hours following a crash.
Mexico's Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray has resigned, days after a visit by US presidential candidate Donald Trump.
The battle for the Iraqi city of Tal Afar is taking place at the same time as the battle for Mosul.
Lee Novak scored a stoppage-time equaliser as Charlton came from behind to draw at Fleetwood.
Portsmouth Supporters' Trust (PST) chairman David Brown has urged fans to give the club's new owner a chance.
Footage has been released of a turtle being filmed on the Great Barrier Reef in Queensland, Australia.
Kyle Wootton's late equaliser rescued a point for Scunthorpe against Port Vale.
Peter Revell and Ryan Varney scored late goals as Ipswich beat MK Dons to end the Dons' unbeaten start to the season.
Former Fifa world player of the year George Weah has been re-elected to Liberia's senate.
England's Tommy Fleetwood lost out to Bernd Wiesberger in a play-off at the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai.
England defender Mandy van den Berg has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One side Coventry City Ladies.
Torquay United have signed Barrow defender Myles Anderson and Port Vale striker Ruairi Keating.
Bonfires have been set up in a car park in Belfast city centre ahead of the Twelfth of July celebrations.
A dictionary of Roald Dahl's words has been published by Oxford University.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has welcomed TVR's decision to build a new car assembly plant in Ebbw Vale.
Lewis Hamilton described his performance in the Hungarian Grand Prix as "one of the worst" of his career.
(Close): Shares in Marks and Spencer fell after the retailer warned of a hit to profits.
Portadown have been given a one-match ban by the Irish Football Association for failing to declare Darren Garrett as eligible for their Premiership game against Ards on Saturday.
A light aircraft has crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent.
A former treasurer at the Rangers Supporters' Association Boys Club has been given a community payback order for embezzling more than £20,000.
Astronomers say they have found more than half a dozen "monster" stars in a tiny region of the Milky Way.
Roma will temporarily close part of their Stadio Olimpico ground for one game next season after fans sang racist songs about striker Mario Balotelli.
Plymouth moved back to the top of League Two as Craig Tanner's second-half strike saw off Crawley at Home Park.
Discovery Communications has agreed to buy Scripps Networks Interactive in a deal worth $14.6bn (Â£10.4bn).
QPR have denied reports that Steven Caulker suffered a head injury during a Sunday lunch with his team-mates.
Singer Barbra Streisand has said she will be "thrilled" if Apple's Siri can change the pronunciation of her name.
Riot police have used tear gas and water cannon to break up a protest in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, after a man was shot dead.
The company that increased the price of a life-saving drug by 5,000% has said it will not lower the price.
Derby County midfielder Matt Martin says he feels "lighter" after scoring his first goal of the season.
An Air France flight from Paris to Vancouver was diverted to Glasgow after a "slight smell of burning on board", the airline has said.
More than half of five-year-olds in Wales have decay in their primary teeth, according to the latest Welsh Government survey.
Northern Ireland's manufacturing and retail sectors have been boosted by a weaker pound, according to the Ulster Bank.
Developers behind the £1bn St Michael's development in Manchester have "kept faith" with their plan, co-owner Sir Alex Ferguson has said.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a crash in South Yorkshire.
Carrick Rangers have appointed former Crusaders boss Jim Callaghan as their new manager on a two-year contract.
A man who shook a one-month-old baby so hard in his care that he suffered "catastrophic" injuries has been jailed for five years.
Britain's Kyle Edmund beat Spain's Feliciano Garcia-Lopez to reach the second round of the China Open.
Police investigating the disappearance of a schoolgirl in Leicestershire are treating her death as murder.
Dagenham & Redbridge's National League play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten 3-0 at Chester.
Boreham Wood has signed a new two-year deal with the National League club, following his release by Plymouth Argyle.
There is a "serious democratic deficit" in local elections in England, according to the Electoral Commission.
Wales scrum-half Matthew Morgan has signed a new two-year deal with Championship side Bristol.
Crawley Town's Conor Henderson has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes has dismissed reports linking Peter Crouch with a move to West Bromwich Albion.
A Andy Warhol portrait of Mao Zedong, one of the artist's most famous works, is to be auctioned in Hong Kong.
Plans to build a house in the shape of a flower have been approved by Bolton Council's planning committee.
Channing Tatum is to reprise his role as a mermaid in a remake of the 1999 Oscar-nominated film The mermaid story.
Sculptures of moths have been unveiled in Hull to mark the 75th anniversary of the death of aviator Amy Johnson.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer has said the government could "reset" its fiscal policy in the Autumn Statement.
The organisers of the Durham version of a world-famous light show are to stage a similar event in London next year.
Ireland came from behind to beat Germany 3-2 in their second game at the World League semi-finals in Johannesburg.
The Supreme Court is to rule on whether parents can be fined for taking their children on term-time holidays.
The parents of a schoolgirl who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike have said they have "not left her side and are sleeping with her".
A US soldier has been awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions in Afghanistan in 2009.
Work permits for agricultural workers and a five-year freeze on unskilled migrants would be introduced in the UK after Brexit, a report says.
An investigation is under way after a large fire broke out at an FA Cup final stadium in London.
Seonaid McIntosh became the third member of the McIntosh family to win gold at the Rio Olympics as Great Britain retained their team title.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has said he is "absolutely comfortable" with the Bank's decision to cut interest rates.
Olympic skeleton champion Lizzy Yarnold is the latest in a long line of British champions.
Welsh boxer Nicola Adams will make her professional debut at the Manchester Arena on Saturday when she takes on Mexico's Ismael Salazar.
Olympic gold medallist Richard Heath won his first World Cup race since the Rio Games with victory in the K2 200m.
Ellan Vannin have won the ConIFA European Football Cup for the first time.
The final SS Great Britain ship to be built at a Bristol dockyard has set sail for Edinburgh.
Too many older people are being "institutionalised" in care homes, according to a report.
The government is to double or even quadruple the discounts available to social housing tenants who buy their own homes.
The number of cases of syphilis in London has more than trebled in the past five years, figures show.
A 23-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of another man in South Lanarkshire.
League Two side Portsmouth have signed former Notts County and Belgium Under-21 midfielder Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu on a two-year deal.
Nottingham Forest caretaker boss Gary Brazil says he is not aware of where the club are in their search for a new manager.
A charity in Australia has asked people to sew tiny mittens for koalas that have been injured in bushfires.
More than a third of babies born with a cleft palate in the UK last year did not get a diagnosis until a month after they were born, figures show.
Three primary school cleaners who went on strike over cuts to their pay have been sacked, the Guardian reports.
York City have re-signed striker Chris Parkin on loan from Macclesfield Town until the end of the season.
Jeremy Corbyn has promised to expand bus services to areas not currently covered by the government's Bus Services Bill.
There is "no need for a one-size-fits-all approach to dieting", according to a study of more than 7,000 overweight people.
A construction worker has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who was crushed to death by metal frames.
England international Jess Nobbs has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One champions Arsenal Ladies.
Wigan Warriors coach Shaun Wane says Super League should be "patted on the back" after his side beat Cronulla Sharks to win the World Club Challenge.
The disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will be tracked by satellites for the first time, the UN says.
China has admitted for the first time that it allows the illegal trade in skins from captive tigers, according to wildlife officials.
The UK economy is "taking Brexit in its stride", according to a new report.
A man has admitted making threats to kill himself and police officers in Flintshire.
Flights between Inverness and Amsterdam have been extended for the first time.
Tommy Seymour scored a hat-trick of tries as Glasgow Warriors came from behind to beat Pro12 leaders Leinster at Scotstoun.
A consultation is under way on whether a Gwynedd airfield should become a UK spaceport.
Arcade Fire have brought the Glastonbury festival back to life with a rousing set in a thunderstorm that forced the cancellation of Rudimental's encore.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced the dates for the 2017 Women's World Twenty20.
The number of people killed in Nigeria's Boko Haram Islamist insurgency has risen to at least 40, a university has said.
Actor Michael Lally, best known for his roles in Glenroe and Ballykissangel, has died at the age of 61.
Sam Robson hit his highest first-class score as Middlesex took control against Warwickshire on day one at Edgbaston.
One of the world's most important coral reefs has suffered its worst coral bleaching in decades, according to scientists.
Stock markets in Europe and the US have fallen sharply after Cyprus agreed a deal with creditors to rescue its banks.
A man with terminal bowel cancer has reached the summit of Mount Everest for charity.
Volunteers have threatened to move out of a church hall in Gwynedd because of a rise in rent.
Tributes have been paid to three members of the same family killed in the Tunisia terror attack.
Pupils need more challenging science lessons, the education watchdog Estyn has said.
Muslims in the US have offered to guard Jewish cemeteries and synagogues in the wake of recent bomb threats and vandalism.
Two brothers have been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering a man in a "frenzied" samurai sword attack.
Elvis Presley has returned to the stage for the first time since cancelling shows in Manchester and Denmark earlier this week.
Brentford have confirmed that manager Mark Warburton will leave the club at the end of the season.
A former aide to French ex-President Nicolas Sarkozy has said he was "probably one of the people who should have pulled the emergency alarm" over his 2012 election campaign finances.
US President Barack Obama has become the first sitting US president to visit Cuba.
A fire which broke out on a ferry has been put out by the crew, operator Wightlink has said.
Two men have been jailed for conspiring to cover up the death of a man who was hit by a car and killed in Dubai.
The cosmetics firm Nivea has apologised after an advert for its black and white range was widely shared on social media.
Cambridge United secured their place in the League Two play-offs with victory over Exeter City.
Sale Sharks have signed former Wales international Mike Phillips from French Top 14 side Racing 92 for the 2016-17 season.
UK scientists are trying to map the rate at which tectonic plates around the world are shifting.
Here is Prime Minister David Cameron's full statement on his election victory.
South Africa beat England by eight wickets in a rain-affected match in Johannesburg to take a 2-1 lead in the three-match series.
UKIP AM Nathan Gill has been accused of being a "part-time AM" by the leader of his party's assembly group.
An Easyjet flight was forced to make an emergency landing in the Netherlands because of a "chemical smell", the airline has said.
Young people in England are being put off taking up apprenticeships because of a patchwork vocational education system, a report says.
Plans for a £50m hydro-electric scheme in Snowdonia have been withdrawn.
A gang who dealt in "industrial quantities" of heroin have been jailed for a total of 18 years.
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak Nouri has suffered "catastrophic" brain damage after collapsing during a pre-season friendly in Germany, the Dutch club say.
Sir William Ewart Gladstone, the first prime minister of Northern Ireland, created the welfare state in the early 1970s.
Gianluigi Buffon has criticised the use of video assistant referees (VAR) in Serie A.
A financial services firm has announced plans to create up to 500 new jobs in Worcestershire.
David Cameron should not be the UK's next Nato secretary-general, a senior Conservative MP has said.
Girls Aloud's Kimberley Walsh and Les Miserables star Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision as part of Team GB's Olympic campaign.
Russian fans of Western pop culture have taken to Twitter to promote their favourite artists and albums.
Neil Lennon's decision to become Hibernian's new manager was not based on a desire to return to the top flight.
Cameroon defender Stephane Chedjou has joined Istanbul Basaksehir on a two-year deal.
On 8 May, voters in West Lothian and Livingston will go to the polls to choose their next MP.
The Home Office has been urged to spell out where it draws the line over what it calls "equipment interference" by MPs.
Armed groups in Myanmar have signed a collective ceasefire with the government.
Venezuela's military says it has shot down two unauthorised planes in the country's airspace.
Mental health services for expectant mothers are to receive a £1m boost, the Welsh government has announced.
One of China's biggest technology companies has pleaded guilty in the US to violating export rules.
The number of sexual abuse allegations against UN peacekeepers rose by more than a third last year, according to the UN's latest report.
A man has admitted stabbing his wife to death in a "stabbing frenzy" after discovering he was the father of their two children.
France will continue to send troops to Mali for as long as it takes, its defence minister has said.
US President Barack Obama and China's President Xi Jinping have signed a deal aimed at curbing cybercrimes.
Flooding in Warwickshire has forced the closure of several schools.
A swan has been rescued after getting stuck on the roof of a shop in Bristol.
Theresa May has been accused by the Liberal Democrats of choosing a "UKIP-style version of Brexit" which will damage the NHS.
Celtic moved seven points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership with victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
British actor Harry Shearer has pulled out of the new series of The Simpsons, the show's producers have confirmed.
Plans to scrap student grants for nurses in England have been criticised by health workers.
The discovery of a new species can cause havoc for developers, delaying or even putting an end to a project.
Four-time Olympic gold medallist Venus Richards-Ross says her decision to have an abortion "healed" her.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that the issue of the Irish border should not be separated from negotiations on a trade deal with the EU.
The SNP will be holding its spring conference in Aberdeen later this month.
British actress Jodie Whittaker has said the UK is "pulling the plug" on its talent.
The government's plans for more selective schools in England will not improve educational standards, say researchers.
Wales and Cardiff Blues scrum-half Gareth Anscombe says he is "not made out of glass" after another injury-hit season.
Ten years ago I was working for the BBC’s Ten O’Clock News when I was asked to report on the launch of the iPhone in San Francisco.
A £500m science and technology complex in Newcastle city centre has been officially opened.
Yorkshire Diamonds have appointed ex-Essex coach Paul Grayson as assistant coach for the 2017 Women's Super League season.
Bristol Rovers have re-signed defender Ryan Sweeney and midfielder Dominic Telford on loan from Stoke City until the end of the season.
The UK's inflation rate turned positive for the first time in more than 50 years in May, official figures show.
Plaid Cymru's leader has said it is "very unlikely" Wales will have tax sharing powers before 2021.
Former British champion Bethany Graddon has announced her retirement from diving.
At least 16 people have been injured in a collision between two passenger trains in the US state of California.
The Pirate Bay, one of the world's most popular file-sharing websites, has gone back online.
Previews and team news for all the weekend's Premier League games.
Global temperatures are set to rise by at least 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels, according to new research.
The RSPCA has reported a rise in the number of convictions for animal welfare offences.
A man who hid his girlfriend's body in a cupboard and took her benefits after she was found dead has been jailed.
Crusaders manager Stephen Mulgrew says Ards will be looking to avenge last season's Gibson Cup final defeat when they meet at Bangor on Tuesday night.
What do we know for sure about the world's banks?
Glamorgan one-day batsman Colin Ingram says he wants to play international cricket in the future.
Ferrari and Red Bull have criticised Formula 1's controversial new qualifying format after Lewis Hamilton qualified second at the Chinese Grand Prix.
A Fifa vice-president has had his two-year ban from football's world governing body reduced to two years.
An elderly man has died in a fire at a house in Inverness.
A collection of photographs taken during the 1970s Rock Against Racism (RAR) movement have gone on display.
New Sunderland signing Michael Vaughan says the Championship side need to be mentally tough if they are to succeed this season.
Donald Trump's decision to pull the US out of the Paris climate agreement was a blow to Rex Tillerson.
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique says his side are "not in the best moment" after losing to Real Madrid in the last 16 of the Copa del Rey.
Boris Johnson has said it is time to "hold our fire" and focus on winning the EU referendum rather than "bickering" over who will lead the campaign.
A group of clerics in Mauritania has called for the death penalty to be imposed on a blogger who was found guilty of insulting the Prophet Muhammad.
A Dundee company has admitted health and safety breaches after a worker died from inhaling paint stripper fumes.
The first of the Royal Navy's new Astute class of submarines has been launched at a ceremony in Cumbria.
Wales captain Joe Ledley hopes manager Coleman will sign a new contract with the national team.
Security experts say they have found flaws in a global tracking system used by some of the world's biggest companies.
Actress Joan Collins has said she would never accept an honour from the Queen.
Egyptian geese have been found nesting inside a box at a nature reserve.
Wales striker Sam Vokes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with Burnley.
Rory Burns hit a career-best 219 as Surrey and Hampshire played out a thrilling draw at The Oval.
Landlords of Southern Cross care homes are expected to make "significant financial concessions" in a bid to save the firm, the BBC has learned.
The number of people diagnosed with cancer in England being treated within 62 days has fallen for the second quarter in a row.
More than half of the world's common species of plants and animals could be wiped out by climate change, according to scientists.
Gatwick Airport has reported record passenger numbers for the 12 months to the end of August, with more than 40 million passengers.
An ex-cabinet member has been accused of misconduct over the sale of council properties, a report has found.
Arsenal and Chelsea will donate £250,000 each to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire, the Football Association has announced.
Life in rebel-held parts of the Syrian city of Aleppo has become "paralysed" by fighting between government and rebel forces, officials say.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of an NHS trust over the death of a man in a lifting hoist at a Lincolnshire hospital.
The Church of England's Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams has warned against downgrading religious education in schools.
Two dogs have died in a house fire in Londonderry that was started accidentally, the fire service has said.
Oxfordshire could become the first county in England to have an elected mayor, under plans being considered by the county council.
Barnsley have signed defender Angus MacDonald from Torquay United on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The Co-operative Group has warned that it is unlikely to declare any dividends before 2018.
Nato warships have begun a major anti-submarine exercise off the coast of the UK.
A US rocket has exploded shortly after launching from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.
A woman accused of making a "firing sign" at BBC presenter Jeremy Vine during a road rage incident has appeared in court.
Scientists have pieced together a detailed account of the moment an asteroid struck the Earth, creating a crater the size of a football field.
South Africa's deputy education minister has resigned after being charged with assaulting a woman at a party last month.
J McKee and Sean O'Donoghue both scored twice as Ireland beat Poland 4-1 to reach the semi-finals of the World League 3 in Belfast.
The number of seahorses in Bristol Bay has plummeted in recent years, according to the Royal Yachting Association.
Tributes have been paid to the Indian artist Kailash Chand, who created a rock garden in the northern city of Chandigarh using rubble from nearby buildings, after his death.
British Cycling's former performance director Sir Dave Brailsford says he does not believe claims of bullying.
The Department of Health has published draft guidelines on abortion in Northern Ireland, which include a recommendation that a psychiatrist should be involved in cases where a mental health assessment is required.
With so much hype over world sporting events such as the Olympics or the World Cup, most people will want to take time out of their revision to watch them.
Zinedine Zidane says he will fight a ban from coaching after being found guilty of not having the necessary licence.
A new road in Taunton has opened after more than a year of delays.
James Maddison is one of the best players in League One, according to Peterborough United manager Grant McCann.
Police Scotland has said it remains committed to a programme of control room closures across the country.
Sweden captain Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will not play again for his country after his side were knocked out of the Euro 2016 play-offs.
A number of people have been arrested in Burundi in connection with the killing of a senior general last week, the public prosecutor's office says.
Modern Family star Sofia Vergara has been named the world's highest paid actress for 2016.
Villagers in parts of Nepal hit by Saturday's earthquake have blocked the main road with tyres in protest at a lack of aid.
Cuba has accused US President Donald Trump of returning to "old and hostile rhetoric" in response to his recent policy changes.
David Tennant has revealed that he almost wrote a line about the Daily Mail's "Legs-it" headline for a new play.
A review of the US Secret Service has called for a "top-to-bottom reassessment" of the agency, following a security breach at the White House.
Gibraltar has said it is in talks with Scotland about a possible post-Brexit deal with the UK.
Aslef, the union representing Arriva Trains Wales drivers, has announced a repeat of a strike it staged in January.
Paraguay's President Horacio Rodríguez de Kirchner has announced he will not run for re-election in 2016.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is due to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time since 2014.
Syrian rebels have captured the town of al-Rai from so-called Islamic State (IS), activists say.
Ronnie O'Sullivan made the highest break of the World Championship so far in his 10-1 win over Stuart Bingham.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he does not know what the NHS in Wales would look like by 2020 if the Conservatives win the 2015 assembly election.
A charity is launching an awareness campaign to help people identify stalking behaviour before ex-partners become violent.
China is set to account for more than a quarter of the world's young graduates by 2020, according to a new report.
Every bank and post office worker in England and Wales is to be trained to spot when customers are being conned out of money.
Ealing Central and Acton is one of the most marginal seats in London, where Labour is hoping to make gains in the general election.
Five Welsh rugby players have taken part in recycling collections in their home town of Ospreylian.
Passengers were kept on planes for hours at Belfast International Airport on Tuesday night due to high winds.
West Ham have agreed a deal to sign Mexico striker Javier Hernandez from Bayer Leverkusen for an undisclosed fee.
Shakespeare's Globe is one of the UK's leading centres for the study of Shakespearean theatre.
Swansea City Council has said it is "open to the option" of expanding the Liberty Stadium.
Former Manchester United and QPR defender Rio Ferdinand has been charged by the Football Association following Saturday's 1-0 defeat by Tottenham.
Scotland captain John Barclay says Scarlets are in a similar position to Glasgow Warriors when they won the Pro12 in 2014.
Families of those killed on Bloody Sunday have welcomed the arrest of a former soldier.
A stowaway who tried to smuggle himself into the United Arab Emirates (UAE) on a flight from Shanghai has said he did it because he heard beggars in Dubai made a fortune.
Downgrading licence fee evasion to a civil offence would be a "huge risk", the BBC's director general has said.
A new waste-fired power station is to be built next to the Ferrybridge 'B' plant, it has been announced.
It is 70 years since the start of World War Two, but for many black men who served in Britain during the conflict, it was the beginning of the end.
England manager Sam Allardyce says it is a "great shame" that Great Britain will not have a women's football team at the 2016 Olympics.
A project to boost numbers of a rare bird in the Peak District has been hailed as a success.
Two former Scottish Labour leaders have criticised Joanne Lamont after she resigned as leader of the party in Scotland.
Shares in ARM Holdings have jumped by more than 45% after Japan's Softbank said it would buy the UK chipmaker for £18.5bn.
Edinburgh City progressed to the second round of the Scottish League Cup with a 4-2 aggregate win over Cove Rangers.
One in eight workers in the UK is too ill to work before they even get to state pension age, according to research by the TUC.
An NHS trust has launched an internal investigation into fire safety at a hospital it built in the 1990s.
A man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack on a police station in County Tyrone 20 years ago.
Royal Mail has released a new set of stamps to mark the 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Thousands of Carphone Warehouse customers may have had their personal data stolen in a cyber-attack, the retailer has said.
A Pilates class has been held on the Isle of Man to celebrate the work of a World War Two interned man.
Jurors in the Liam Fee murder trial have been shown a video of the house where the toddler lived.
The Department of Health is expected to overspend the NHS by more than £3bn this year, figures show.
David Cameron's EU reform deal could lead to a "surge" in migration from eastern Europe, a leading Eurosceptic has warned.
Former Tour de France winner Greg LeMond says Lance Armstrong should not be allowed to return to the sport.
Malaysia has strongly denied allegations that billions of dollars may have been misappropriated from a state fund.
Derry City and Strabane District Council was at the centre of a political row in 1986 over the use of the word 'Derry' in official letters.
Actor Tony Valentine, best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles, has died at the age of 83.
Pitch Perfect 2 has beaten Mad Max: Fury Road to the top of the North American box office chart.
Microsoft has revealed details of its next-generation Xbox console, codenamed Project Scorpio.
A UKIP election candidate has resigned after posting on Facebook about US President Barack Obama and Adolf Eichmann.
One of the biggest literary events of the year so far has been the launch of the new children's book series, The Roald Dahl Story.
Pret A Manger has said it will pay teenagers who take part in an unpaid work experience week.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says the League Two club's new owners have "got a lot to prove".
KJ Orr has won the BBC National Short Story Award for her story Disappearances.
Shark experts have arrived in the Egyptian city of Sharm el-Sheikh to help investigate a series of attacks by sharks in the Red Sea.
A nine-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee.
Hundreds of people have attended a rally in Edinburgh in support of those affected by the earthquake in Nepal.
Hundreds of farmers have taken part in a rally outside Holyrood.
Alastair Cook has been the subject of much criticism over the past few months.
The former head of the UK Army in Afghanistan has said he is "left feeling there was no victory" despite recent attacks by the Taliban.
What do you do if you are struck by lightning?
Lotus has won an adjournment of a winding-up petition brought by HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC).
Northamptonshire and Sussex were forced to settle for a draw after rain washed out the final day of their Division Two match at Hove.
Wigan Warriors captain Sean O'Loughlin believes Wayne Bennett's appointment as England head coach is the right move for rugby league.
Chelsea Ladies made it two wins from two in the Women's Super League One Spring Series with a 6-1 victory over Yeovil Town.
A former Jersey senator sexually abused a boy at a children's home in the 1960s, an inquiry has heard.
A County Tyrone woman who was shot in the head while on holiday in Africa has said she wants to help those who carried out the attack.
It was 30 years ago this week that Fijian rugby union legend Viliame Matavesi was working as a tin miner in Cornwall.
Two people have been found dead at a house in Stirling.
An 18-year-old man has appeared in court charged with preparing acts of terrorism.
A BBC investigation has found evidence that staff at some of the UK's biggest bookmakers were encouraged to encourage customers to gamble on fixed-odds betting terminals.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed former York City and Aldershot Town midfielder Joe Straker on a one-month loan deal.
Police investigating the Westminster terror attack have searched a property in Carmarthenshire.
The attack on the shrine of Ayutthaya in the Thai capital, Bangkok, was described by the prime minister as the "worst of its kind".
A Staffordshire Police officer has been jailed for six years for sexually assaulting two women.
Boris Johnson has been accused of breaking the law by giving his wife a lift on his bike.
Police in Northern Ireland have said they are investigating a spate of cases of men being tricked into performing sex acts online and then blackmailed into paying money.
Prime Minister David Cameron has been back on BBC Radio 4's Today programme to talk about the state of the UK's finances.
A rare sea turtle that was found "comatose" on an Anglesey beach has been moved to a larger tank.
Walsall's Erhun Oztumer scored twice as the Saddlers beat Swindon in League One.
Cameras in three Denbighshire towns are to be moved to Cheshire in a bid to cut crime.
South Sudan and Malawi have both been knocked out of the African Nations Championship (CHAN) qualifiers after losing to Madagascar and Mauritius respectively.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has said the nuclear deal with the US will not change his country's policy towards the US.
A dean at the University of Pennsylvania has resigned in protest at a new Texas law that allows universities to ban guns on campus.
UKIP leadership contender Steven Woolfe has been excluded from the final ballot, the party has announced.
League One side Walsall have signed midfielder Jonny Howson from Crewe Alexandra on a two-year contract.
A Dumfries and Galloway teacher has been found unfit to teach after admitting downloading more than 100,000 indecent images of children.
A firearms instructor who liked "highly offensive" posts on Facebook has won his appeal against a decision to revoke his licence.
Armenian weightlifter Artur Vardanian is the latest athlete to be disqualified from the London 2012 Olympics after testing positive for steroids.
Cardiff City striker Conor Pilkington says the Bluebirds are capable of making the play-offs this season.
The parents of a woman who was murdered by a soldier have told of the moment they found out their daughter had been killed.
Tory peer Lord Strathclyde has resigned as leader of the House of Lords.
A County Tyrone sandwich maker has gone into administration, with the loss of more than 50 jobs.
The chief executive of Japan's biggest advertising agency, Dentsu, has said he will step down following the death of a worker who took her own life because of overwork.
A man killed his wife by dousing her in white spirit and setting her on fire before going for a walk with his dog, a court heard.
At least six people have been killed in a suicide attack on an Afghan army bus in the capital, Kabul, officials say.
Hundreds of people have attended a public consultation on the location of the UK's next nuclear waste dump.
The chairman of Google, Eric Schmidt, has said he is "puzzled" by the debate in the UK about corporate tax.
Mozambique, which won independence from Portugal in 1975, is one of Africa's fastest-growing economies.
A re-enactment of Robin Hood is getting married to his Maid Marian five years after they first met.
Oldham Athletic boosted their League One survival hopes with victory over Southend United.
As the mining boom subsides and the country looks elsewhere for economic growth, the business of farming the country's vast land for meat and other agricultural commodities has never been more important.
Bradford City and Shrewsbury came from behind to draw in League One.
Prince Harry has visited a remote community in Guyana on the final day of his tour of the Caribbean.
A man in his 30s has been shot in the leg in west Belfast.
The trial of one of the Philippines' most powerful clansmen has begun in the capital, Manila.
I am a bit baffled by what is going on in Greece.
London Underground (LU) drivers have voted to accept a new pay deal, paving the way for a Night Tube service.
The chairman of Swansea City Football Club has died at the age of 90.
Hearts have signed former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Hollis on a deal until the end of the season as cover for injured duo Neil Alexander and David Gallacher.
Bradford Bulls have been placed into administration for a second time.
A British soldier who was killed in Afghanistan has been repatriated to the UK.
Firefighters have tackled 332 wild fires in the Highlands and Islands since the start of the month.
Former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher is the UK's most influential woman, according to a BBC power list.
Ronnie O'Sullivan and Jimmy White are through to the second round of the Scottish Open, while John Higgins and Stephen Maguire also progressed.
Prince Harry has said he is "fired up and energised" to make a difference in the world.
A planned strike by Tower Transit bus drivers in London has been called off.
A US judge has lifted a ban on the sale of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 in the country in a patent dispute with Apple.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Newcastle Knights prop Tyler Walker on a one-year deal.
Saudi Arabia's Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has bought a 10% stake in Twitter.
More than a third of UK sportswomen have experienced sexism, according to a UK Sport survey.
The owner of a collection of Dr Who props has put them up for auction.
Rangers owner Mike Ashley has won the right to continue his legal action against the club.
A former member of a body set up to monitor paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland has criticised the government's "Fresh Start" deal.
At least 17 people have been rescued from a fire at a block of flats in West Lothian.
The first revamped Boeing 787 Dreamliner has taken off for the first time since January.
A group of graffiti artists say they were asked to write messages on the set of the US TV series Homeland to "subvert the message" of the show.
Sprinter Sacre, the Champion Chase winner at the 2013 Cheltenham Festival, has been put down.
The British Airline Pilots' Association has said it will appeal against a judge's decision to allow prosecutors to access data from a Super Puma helicopter crash.
As the Conservatives prepare for their party conference later this month, they'll be looking to the North East for ideas on how to deal with "the English problem".
Police are investigating whether a batch of heroin linked to five deaths and a number of medical emergencies in south Wales is linked to the same batch.
Australia's Domino's Pizza has agreed to buy Joey's Pizza in Germany in a deal that will create the world's biggest pizza chain.
Tributes have been paid to a man who died after a disturbance at a pub in Gwynedd.
A man has been charged with raping a boy in Cumbria.
A former vice-president of the Venezuelan Football Federation has pleaded guilty in a US court as part of an investigation into corruption in world football's governing body Fifa.
The final week of the US presidential campaign has been a whirlwind of controversy, controversy and more controversy.
MPs have heard from three women who had relationships with undercover police officers.
A Londoner has been found guilty at the Old Bailey of Syria-related terrorism offences.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a tunnel.
Theresa May's first meeting with the Conservative Party's 1922 committee since the election has been moved forward.
The Football Association is the organisation that runs football in England.
This is Theresa May's manifesto for the general election.
Bangladesh beat England for the first time in their history to win the second Test in Chittagong.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) has warned that climate change is already having an impact on Europe.
Newport Gwent Dragons scrum-half Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire.
Former professional wrestler Dusty Rhodes has died at the age of 74.
The UK is the biggest exporter of lamb to the European Union.
GPs in England are being paid thousands of pounds to cut the number of patients going to hospital, an investigation has found.
West Ham defender Diafra Sakho has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson could still return to the show, according to the BBC's director general Tony Yentob.
Plans for a new bus service in Bristol have been put on hold because of a lack of operators.
Paralympic gold medallist Gareth Davies has set an unofficial world record in the shot put at the Phoenix Grand Prix.
It all started with a sharp corner at the start of Rio 2016.
When Japanese entrepreneur Doga Makiura moved to Rwanda in 2011, he had no idea what he was getting himself into.
Sheffield United have released midfielder Ryan Baxter after his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
The Bank of England's Funding for Lending Scheme (FLS) was launched in September 2012, in a bid to encourage banks to lend more money to businesses.
A Canadian woman who bought a C$1m (Â£700,000; $1.1m) lottery ticket has won C$2.5m (€2.3m; $2.6m).
The High Court in Belfast has rejected two legal challenges to the ban on same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland.
A ram has been chosen to replace Lance Corporal Derby, the army's mascot who died last year.
Josh Parkin and Josh Frear scored as Forest Green beat National League leaders Halifax.
A man has been charged with possessing a knife and an axe in Worcestershire.
Pete Kennaugh has won the Tour of Britain for the first time after finishing fourth in Sunday's final stage.
Eilish McColgan says she is "slowly turning into The Terminator".
Edinburgh prop Alasdair Dickinson says his side need to win all their remaining Pro12 games if they are to have any chance of making the play-offs.
The brother-in-law of one of the 7/7 attackers has been described as a "coward" and a "hippy Muslim".
It's one of the most recognisable dance moves in the world.
Scottish Power is launching a new way of buying energy that will allow customers to buy packages of gas and electricity by the day.
US Senator John McCain has visited Syria for the first time in more than a year, his spokesman has confirmed.
British number one Johanna Konta has beaten world number two Simona Halep 6-4 6-3 in the Wimbledon quarter-finals.
A teenage goalkeeper from West Lothian has died after a six-month battle with cancer.
Former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher is to be a guest at this year's T in the Park festival.
A campaign to tackle underage drinking in the Highlands has been launched.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in the northern city of Mosul have been hampered by bad weather, officials say.
China's environment minister has called for a radical rethink of the country's economic growth strategy.
A cat has been rescued from the rubble of a collapsed house in the earthquake-hit Italian city of Bologna.
European media have reacted to the French and Greek elections with a mixture of pessimism and optimism.
Archaeologists hope to uncover the remains of King Henry I, who was buried in Reading in 1136.
Former Monty Python star Terry Jones has been honoured with a lifetime achievement award at the Baftas.
Fifa has warned Mexico's Football Federation (FMF) about homophobic chanting.
The war in Syria has claimed the lives of thousands of people, and left millions homeless.
Mae grŵp wedi ymgymryd â chynllun gan Lywodraeth y DU yn 2016 i gymryd cyfrifoldeb o gefnogi cartrefu ffoaduriaid.
Roger Federer says he would be happy to play Rafael Nadal at the US Open, which gets under way on Monday.
US private equity firm KKR has increased its bid for Australian winemaker TWE Group by more than a third.
Michael O'Flynn's injury-time equaliser rescued a point for Crusaders against 10-man Coleraine.
Researchers in Norway say they have found evidence that a famous painting by one of the world's most famous artists could have been influenced by meteorology.
The Citizens Advice Bureau is asking the public what they think about cold calling.
Britain's Max Chilton said he thought of team-mate and fellow Indy Lights driver Jules Bianchi every time he drove in Sunday's race.
A mobile game designed to help people with dementia is to be used by researchers at the University of Bristol.
The family of an RAF serviceman who has been missing for more than a week have said they are finding it "hard to deal with the uncertainty".
Hundreds of Sports Direct workers have taken part in a protest against the retailer's use of zero-hour contracts.
All patients in areas with high or extremely high rates of HIV should be offered a blood test on admission to hospital, new guidance says.
A "punt" to turn BHS around.
More than 10% of lorry and van drivers tested positive for illegal drugs last year, a BBC investigation has found.
It's been a year and a half since the Syrian city of al-Wair fell.
Mashkel is one of the most remote towns in the Pakistani province of Balochistan.
A court in Saudi Arabia has begun the trial of 32 Shia Muslims accused of spying for Iran.
League One side Scunthorpe United have signed Leicester City defender Liam Watson on loan until the end of the season.
A man from Gloucestershire has become the first person to paddle the length of the longest river in the world.
Australia's Speaker of the House of Representatives, Peter Slipper, has resigned amid allegations of sexual harassment against Prime Minister Julia Gillard.
Belfast is enjoying a boom in the number of tourists coming to the city on cruise ships.
TomSka is one of YouTube's most popular vloggers, with more than one million followers.
One-third of Redrow's landbank is not ready for construction, the company's chief executive has said.
England full-back Ryan Hall says his side must not dwell on Saturday's defeat by Australia and focus on next week's Test against Tonga.
When Laura Robson arrived in New York on Friday morning, she had been in Rome for the weekend.
A police officer has been charged with three counts of perverting the course of justice.
Hibernian have appointed Alan Stubbs as their new head coach.
Ireland coach Phil Simmons has been offered the vacant head coach's job in the West Indies.
Plans for a National Civil War Heritage Centre in Nottinghamshire have been given the go-ahead.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town's England Under-21 international Josh Murphy on loan until the end of the season.
Laura Muir's British 5,000m record is expected to be ratified, British Athletics have confirmed.
The trial of five former Argentine military intelligence officers has begun in Buenos Aires.
England captain Alastair Cook says Australia are "still probably favourites" to retain the Ashes despite their win in the first Test in Cardiff.
Plans to redevelop a Grade II-listed building in Cardiff city centre have been given the go-ahead.
More than 200 new minerals and mineral-like compounds have been created by humans over the past 200 years, according to US scientists.
A 17-year-old Malaysian boy has died after surgery to remove a foetus that had been wrapped around his body for more than a year.
Scotland will have 13 athletes at this summer's World Championships in London, the highest number since 1983.
Pupils at a school in Lancashire have been told to expect bullets, bodies and blood after an online threat.
Police in Australia are investigating seven Melbourne women suspected of trying to join Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria and Iraq.
Mark Stoneman scored his first Championship century of the season as Warwickshire beat Durham by seven wickets at Edgbaston.
The UK's credit rating would not be affected by a vote to leave the European Union, according to a report by ratings agency Moody's.
David Warner's absence from the Ashes tour of England will give England an opportunity to "over-hype" the series, according to former England captain Graeme Swarbrick.
The Welsh government has been given £5m to pay compensation to retired firefighters and police officers.
Scientists at the University of York have discovered how lung cancer cells break free from their moorings and spread.
Britain's Aljaz Bedene beat Pablo Carreno Busta to reach the third round of the French Open, where he will face world number one Novak Djokovic.
The US has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba.
Luton Town moved into the League Two play-off places with a comfortable win over Bristol City.
A new product has been launched in the US called the Oculus Rift.
How would you feel if your country was cut off from the rest of the world because of a dispute over water?
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani is visiting Italy and France as part of a trade mission.
EastEnders fans have been given their first glimpse of the Taylors, a "noisy and brash" family set to move into the East End.
If you're a farmer, you know that rain is very important.
The Conservative party has increased its majority on Northamptonshire County Council.
"We cannot really claim to have peace," Baroness O'Loan says.
Newcastle United have signed Crystal Palace striker Dwight Gayle and Bournemouth winger Matt Ritchie.
Up to 40 jobs are at risk after a bus company went into administration, it has been claimed.
A man accused of murdering a woman in a "frenzied" hammer attack has denied killing her.
Brighton missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were thrashed at Huddersfield.
A man has admitted killing his estranged wife who he said was planning to move to Pakistan.
The Metropolitan Police cannot afford to have officers "fear the consequences of shooting someone", its outgoing commissioner has said.
A fire has broken out at a shopping centre in Cumbria.
An MP has apologised for saying type 1 and type 2 diabetes are "not preventable".
A new film, Suite Francaise, tells the story of a French author who wrote a novel about life under Nazi occupation in World War Two.
A huge fire at an oil refinery in Kent has been brought under control.
Rafael Nadal has confirmed he will play at the Aegon Championships at Queen's Club in June.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being rescued from a tanker carrying corrosive acid off the coast of Cornwall.
Donald Trump's first official visit to the European Union ended in Brussels on Wednesday.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed former Liverpool striker Adam Ngoo on a short-term deal.
More than 100 people have been forced to leave their homes in Western Australia as a huge bushfire continues to burn out of control.
A police sergeant involved in the investigation into the death of an 11-year-old boy by self-suspension spoke to his school manager in January, it has emerged.
The number of people opening Individual Savings Accounts (Isas) has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade.
The number of cannabis farms in the UK has more than doubled in the last two years, according to police figures.
A jigsaw puzzle, which was almost complete when four pieces went missing, is set to be displayed at a hospital in Norfolk.
A woman has died and an eight-year-old boy has been injured in a crash involving a rally car.
Wales' education commissioners will take to the stage in Cardiff later to discuss the future of education in the country.
A Llandrindod Wells man has been ordered to pay £1.50 compensation after he threw a bottle of milk at a Tesco store manager.
BBC Northern Ireland's Spotlight programme has won Scoop of the Year at the Royal Television Society (RTS) awards.
Jewish groups in Croatia are boycotting a ceremony next week to mark the 70th anniversary of the Nazi death camp at Jasenovac.
Manchester United have signed Manchester City winger Adnan Januzaj on loan until the end of the season.
Hearts have asked fans to help raise £3m for the main stand at Tynecastle in the next two years as part of a £6m fundraising plan.
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino is not fit enough to play in the Premier League.
Saracens will face Leicester Tigers in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-finals, while Harlequins will face Exeter Chiefs.
The mother of a man who died after being dragged under a car has paid tribute to her "lovely" son.
England women beat world champions New Zealand 26-14 in their final game of the Four Nations in Hamilton.
A paraglider "thought she was going to die" when she came within 600ft (183m) of a US military aircraft, a report has said.
Firefighters are tackling a large wildfire in the Mourne Mountains in County Fermanagh.
A "clever and calculating" paedophile who bribed his victims with Fifa game currency has been jailed for 12 years.
For two years, Oh Wonder were known as a duo who wrote one song a month on Soundcloud, but their meteoric rise to fame came at the cost of Josephine Baker's teeth.
A four-year-old boy was referred to social services after nursery staff mistook his spelling for the word "cooker bomb".
A woman in the US state of Utah has been arrested after leaving her two children in the boot of a car.
Police have been called to the High Street in Old Aberdeen following reports of a "disturbance" involving Conservative MP Ian Galloway.
Algeria beat Qatar 1-0 in their opening match of the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says reaching the Europa League group stages would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Teachers in Wales are to be given a new set of skills as part of plans to improve the quality of teaching.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players "don't think the aim is to win".
The body of a man has been found at a recycling plant in Somerset.
The final list of candidates to succeed Nigel Farage as UKIP leader will be revealed on Wednesday.
Aberdeen have appointed Arbroath boss Paul Sheerin as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The PSNI has announced that 26 new neighbourhood policing teams (LPTs) are to be set up across Northern Ireland.
Troy Polamalu has announced that he will retire from football at the age of 33.
A man has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a Swansea rugby player.
England's Stuart Bingham will take on Scotland's Scott Donaldson in the final of the World Championship at Alexandra Palace in London on Saturday.
Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat League Two Exeter City in the EFL Cup second round.
Work to demolish a Denbighshire primary school and replace it with a new one is set to begin.
Former Rangers owner Craig Whyte has appeared in court to hear that charges against him have been dropped.
Tyler Denton scored his first goal for Leeds as they beat Luton in the EFL Cup second round.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has been invited to do community service by the authorities.
Leyton Orient have appointed assistant manager Paul Edwards as first-team coach.
The parents of a motorcyclist killed by a drink driver have called for the offence to be upgraded to manslaughter.
A man has been assaulted by a gang of armed men during a robbery at a house in Ballymena, County Antrim.
England batsman Jason Roy says he did not know he had made the second-highest one-day international score until he walked into the changing room.
Wales hooker Ken Owens says he will not let his long spell on the bench affect his desire to start for his country.
Alastair Cook hit a half-century for Essex on a rain-hit opening day against Worcestershire at Chelmsford.
A British man has been jailed for life in the United States after being found guilty of plotting a terror attack in Manchester in 2009.
Russia has begun a "withdrawal" of its forces from Syria, including the aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov, the defence ministry says.
Rafael Nadal fought back from a set down to beat German teenager Alexander Zverev and reach the Australian Open quarter-finals.
A fisherman in the northern Brazilian state of Para has found what is believed to be a piece of debris from a UK satellite launch.
A man who told his ex-girlfriend he wanted to kill British soldiers has been jailed for life with a minimum term of 18 years.
A woman jailed for stalking her ex-boyfriend's mother-in-law has had her sentence reduced.
A building has collapsed in the Canary Islands, killing at least one person and injuring three others.
St Johnstone were knocked out of the Europa League in the first qualifying round by FK Trakai.
Holiday prices can rise by up to 300% during the school summer holidays, according to the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills.
Prison officers in England and Wales are to be balloted on industrial action in a row over the privatisation of prisons.
Fulham have signed Oostende striker Adama Cyriac on a season-long loan deal.
Donald Trump has been declared the winner of the US presidential election.
German art dealer Cornelius Gurlitt, who amassed a huge collection of paintings believed to have been looted by the Nazis, has died at the age of 90.
Scottish bus and coach operator Stagecoach has announced plans to invest more than £100m in new buses and coaches.
Granada have sacked manager Tony Adams following their 2-1 defeat by Espanyol.
A man has died following a three-vehicle crash in Powys.
A new £20m swimming pool is to be built at Derby's Moorways Leisure Centre, the city council has announced.
A school that was named after the Islamic State (IS) militant group has changed its name.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by strong gains in technology and retail stocks.
It is a condition that, until recently, was considered to be an "invisible epidemic".
A woman has been charged with murder after a man was found dead at a house in south-west London.
World number one Andy Murray will miss his final warm-up match before Wimbledon because of a hip injury.
Denmark's left-wing Social Democrats have lost power to a right-wing bloc in the country's general election.
Fantasy and horror writer Arthur Machen's collection could be lost if Newport council closes its reference library, a group has said.
A Pembrokeshire man is thought to have broken the world record for playing the bagpipes for the longest time.
A 15-year-old boy has been stabbed to death at a party in west London.
Pregnant women should not travel to areas with a high risk of malaria, say doctors.
The Green Party has launched its general election poster campaign, promising to "stand up to the establishment".
A draft of Labour's general election manifesto has been leaked.
Plaid Cymru's new leader Leanne Wood is a former AM who was once banned from the assembly for referring to the Queen as Mrs Windsor.
The UK job market saw a "slight slowdown" in May, according to a report from two recruitment agencies.
Bristol Blaze have signed defenceman Liam Stewart on a two-year deal, with the option of a further year.
Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference for failing to pay their £220,000 debts.
Police in the western Indian city of Mumbai have arrested a man who was seen walking around with his wife's severed head in his hand.
Two Bangladeshis who were kidnapped in Libya last month have been freed, officials say.
A mother has appeared in court charged with the murder of her seven-year-old son who died in a car fire.
The UN is considering publishing the names of alleged war criminals in Syria, the BBC understands.
A Methodist minister tried to hypnotise boys before sexually abusing them, a court has heard.
The parents of a man suspected of travelling to Syria to join so-called Islamic State have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
The Condor Liberation has returned to service off the Isle of Wight after repairs were carried out.
Up to 1,000 new homes could be built in Swansea over the next 10 years, according to the city council.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of the Republic of Ireland to protest against rising water bills.
Josh Taylor's trainer Shane McGuigan believes the 22-year-old could be a world champion within 10 months.
Archaeologists in South Africa say they have found 100,000-year-old paint kits in a cave near Cape Town.
Ireland's economy grew by 7.7% in the first three months of the year compared with the same period last year, official figures show.
Leeds city centre could be closed to through traffic as part of a bid to become a European Capital of Culture.
Abertay University in Dundee has been named the best university in the world for its graduate courses in computer games design.
"Yes" won, "No" lost.
The Foreign Office is investigating reports that a British man has killed himself in Thailand.
Great Britain beat Argentina 3-2 to move top of Pool B at the Rio Olympics.
Derby County striker David Nugent could return after missing Monday's draw with Huddersfield because of a hamstring injury.
A takeaway where a three-year-old girl died from an allergic reaction has been banned from operating.
A Cardiff council worker has been jailed for five years for stealing more than £20,000 from a children's fund.
A Cardiff-based online insurance company has won a series of contracts from the Welsh government.
North Korea has carried out a military drill in which artillery shells were fired at the South's presidential residence, state media say.
Hundreds of Afghans have taken part in a protest in the capital, Kabul, against what they say is Iran's ban on fuel exports to the country.
A database of more than 390 species of city trees and shrubs has been created by researchers in Germany.
Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out of the World Cup with a knee injury.
French Justice Minister Nicole Goulard has resigned in a row over fake jobs.
British comic book artist Steve Dillon, best known for his work on the Preacher strip, has died at the age of 55.
Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler are two shots behind leader Charley Hoffman after the second round of the Masters at Augusta.
The mystery of the bright spots on the surface of the dwarf planet Ceres has deepened.
A van driver has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a man by careless driving in West Lothian.
Saudi Arabia's Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has said a new alliance of Muslim nations to fight terrorism will be launched "as soon as possible".
Russia coach Leonid Slutsky says he will step down at the end of Euro 2016.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Liam Broom has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Australia batsman David Warner has been banned for three matches by Cricket Australia for striking England's Joe Root in a pub.
Plans for a safari park, water park and hotel have been given the go-ahead.
A 14-year-old Pakistani schoolgirl has been shot in the head by gunmen in the Swat Valley.
The former chief medical officer of Scotland is to chair a review of NHS targets.
A doctor who took a £10,000 loan from a dementia patient has been struck off by the General Medical Council (GMC).
A war crimes tribunal in Bangladesh has sentenced a senior Islamist leader to death for crimes against humanity during the country's 1971 war of independence.
James Wakely and Richard Keogh hit centuries as Northamptonshire took control against Leicestershire at Edgbaston.
A Flintshire man who stopped a machete attack has been nominated for bravery at the St David Awards.
A film made by a group of friends in Blaenau Gwent for just Â£4,000 has won an international film award.
Ten people have been charged with slavery offences following an investigation into traveller sites in Lincolnshire.
One of Australia's most famous Star Wars fans is a police officer dressed as Darth Vader.
Here's a round-up of the best moments from the 89th Academy Awards.
Rangers have completed the signing of midfielder Craig Dorrans from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
A lifeboat crew has rescued a group of people from the water after their boat ran aground on Lough Neagh.
A man has admitted killing an 11-year-old girl in a hit-and-run crash in Glasgow.
Police searching for the remains of a murdered schoolgirl in a North Lanarkshire canal have identified what they believe to be human bones.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has announced a freeze on university fee increases, after a week of protests.
Atlantis is back on BBC One, but it's not quite the same show it was last year.
Black Friday has become the UK's busiest online shopping day of the year, according to credit card firm Visa.
The US space agency's (Nasa) Curiosity rover has carried out its first test of the Martian air.
More than 100,000 children in London have missed out on a place at their top choice of primary school, figures show.
An exhibition of portraits of some of Britain's most famous faces has opened in Hull.
Australia's Scott Hend and England's Tyrrell Hatton share the lead after the third round of the BMW PGA Championship.
A young girl was seriously injured when she was attacked by a "dangerously out of control" dog, police said.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has said he will use Lego to "defend freedom of speech and political art".
Robert Kubica says he misses racing in Formula 1 after being forced to retire from the sport because of a hand injury.
Sally Bercow and Ola Jordan have been named in the line-up for the second series of The Great British Bake Off.
Hearts have completed the signings of Belgian midfielder Abdelhak Rherras and striker Conor Sammon.
Malcolm Turnbull has been sworn in as Australia's prime minister, replacing Tony Abbott, who was ousted on Monday.
More than half of young people who check their mobile phones after going to bed are on social media, research suggests.
A rare Rolls-Royce once owned by the late sex symbol Diana Dors has sold at auction in New York for $3m (Â£2.6m).
A man has been jailed for 12 years for trying to kill a takeaway worker with a meat cleaver.
Plans to reintroduce lynx to parts of the UK have been unveiled by a wildlife charity.
John Lewis has begun work on its flagship store in the St James Centre in Edinburgh.
Ipswich Town have signed Reading striker Joe Samuel on loan until the end of the season and brought in Cardiff City midfielder Rhys Huws on a season-long loan.
Tributes have been paid to England Under-19 midfielder Zoe Tynan, who died after being hit by a train.
A student who was trapped in a wardrobe during Thursday's al-Shabab attack on a college in the Kenyan capital Nairobi has told of her ordeal.
A man who tried to travel to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State has been jailed for five years.
An alleged chemical weapons expert for so-called Islamic State (IS) has been captured in Iraq, US officials say.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be named during a live awards show on Sunday, 14 December 2014.
Harry Potter fans are celebrating the news that Hermione Granger will be played by a black actress in the next film in the series.
Former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! star Christopher Biggins has been removed from this year's Celebrity Big Brother.
Denmark has made dramatic changes to the way it deals with cancer.
Residents in Gourock in Inverclyde have been allowed to return to their homes after a sea mine was moved to a safer location.
Fifa presidential candidate Gianni Infantino has called for the World Cup to be rotated between countries.
Kidderminster Harriers have appointed John Eustace as their new manager following their relegation from National League South.
The bells of St Mary's Church in Norwich have been rung out for the first time in more than 200 years.
Planning permission has been granted for the restoration of two Grade II-listed buildings in Reading.
England number eight Billy Vunipola is set to return from injury in time for the start of the Six Nations.
The Conwy Valley rail line has been closed for several days due to flooding.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed during a fight.
Louis van Gaal has been sacked as Manchester United manager.
At least six sperm whales have been killed after they washed up on a beach in the French town of Saint-Etienne.
A hospital has said it is looking at new ways to deal with parking problems.
Eurotunnel has said it is unable to sell tickets to non-reserved customers at its terminals in Folkestone and Calais.
The World Bank has released a study looking at why so many women are dropping out of the workforce in India.
Leicester's top scorer Riyad Mahrez is back in training after a hamstring injury and could return against Stoke.
A County Antrim MLA has been cleared of harassing a schoolgirl in Ballymena.
Pupils at a primary school which was closed amid a row over the conduct of its head teacher are to return to class.
Glasgow Warriors scrum-half Jamie Murray is confident his side can reach the Pro12 play-offs for the second year in a row.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by driving after a man was killed in a crash on the M1.
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has been given a six-month driving ban after pleading guilty to drink-driving.
French actress Anne Lebeau, best known for her role in World War Two film Casablanca, has died at the age of 93.
Stoke City captain Ryan Shawcross has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury.
The presidential election in Ecuador will go to a second round after no candidate won a majority of votes.
England's one-day team have arrived in Dhaka for their tour of Bangladesh, which begins on Friday.
More than 700,000 emails and passwords belonging to US government agencies have been found online, according to a security firm.
Brexit Secretary David Davis and Scottish Secretary David Russell have agreed to work together to get the best deal for the whole of the UK.
Dundee Stars head coach Marc LeFebvre hopes his team can learn from their experience at the Elite League play-offs.
Olympic bronze medallist Gemma Smith will lead Great Britain's women's weightlifting team at the European Championships in Norway in April.
Liverpool defender Alberto Moreno is set to leave the club in the summer, BBC Sport understands.
The architect of the Dundee Museum of Art has said he is "very happy" with the progress being made on the project.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a rally in the Italian city of Venice to protest against the loss of residents.
Two fly-tippers who dumped more than 40 tonnes of waste in a Birmingham street have been jailed.
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan.
Scottish Chambers of Commerce (SCC) has said it has identified "significant opportunities" for Scottish businesses in China.
In September, Carrie Yau was elected to Hong Kong's Legislative Council as the leader of the pro-democracy Youngspiration party.
Marcus Rashford scored a stoppage-time winner as Manchester United beat Anderlecht to reach the Europa League semi-finals.
African governments are tightening their internet laws in an effort to curb cyber crime and curb the spread of hate speech.
Voters lost faith in "established political figures" in the run-up to the EU referendum, according to a new report.
As the general election campaign enters its final days, BBC Wales political correspondent Laura McAllister looks at the key battlegrounds for the Conservatives and Labour in Wales.
Johanna Konta says she has "a lot of work to do" after reaching the Wimbledon semi-finals.
Barcelona have signed Brazil midfielder Paulinho from Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande on a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Thousands of homes and businesses in Leeds have been left without water after a fault at a treatment works.
A Santa Claus attraction has been forced to close in the final week of the Christmas season.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she is "surprised" she has not been asked to become a UKIP MEP.
Ghana's government has reversed its policy of keeping professional nurses under a "bond".
The brother of a man who died after being trampled by cows has called for safer footpaths.
Bill Bailey has spoken of the "shame" his Limboland tour bus was stolen from outside the Liverpool Philharmonic Hall.
Wayne Rooney's new five-and-a-half-year contract with Manchester United has been described as "exorbitant" by the club's chief executive Ed Woodward.
Plymouth Argyle's Paul Hartley says his late winner against Portsmouth in the League Two play-off final was the "biggest moment" of his career.
Shares in Japan closed lower despite the country's economy growing faster than expected in the first three months of the year.
Australia's Woodside Petroleum has reported a 27% rise in half-year profits, helped by higher realised prices for its liquefied natural gas (LNG).
A security flaw in a popular piece of software has exposed the personal data of up to two-thirds of all websites, according to Microsoft.
A new code of practice for the use of stop and search has been published by the Scottish government.
Rail passengers on the Borders to Edinburgh line have been able to return to their homes after a day of disruption.
The number of Welsh rugby union and rugby league players caught using performance-enhancing drugs is "off-the-scale", the Welsh Rugby Union has said.
Pope Francis has used the word "genocide" to describe the mass killing of Armenians by Ottoman forces during World War One.
Lance Armstrong says he has "no credibility" after admitting he used performance-enhancing drugs.
If you're planning to drink at Glastonbury this weekend, you'll have to pay a £5 deposit to get a free beaker.
Two helicopters have been based at the Inverness Coastguard Station for the past five years.
Manchester City have accepted a Football Association charge of failing to provide accurate information about players' whereabouts.
Romania's Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu has been removed from office by his own party after a motion of censure.
Sky has confirmed that some of its broadband customers in some parts of the UK are experiencing slow internet speeds.
A security breach at the Houses of Parliament was the result of a "failure of security policy", the Met Police has said.
Patients with a rare type of leukaemia are no longer at risk of relapsing after being given a lower dose of a drug, a study suggests.
The family of a British backpacker who died after being stabbed in Australia have said the world is a " poorer place".
Atletico Madrid captain Luis Suarez says it was "totally unfair" for his side to be sent off against Barcelona in the Champions League.
There are only a handful of Northern Ireland-based film-makers working in the industry in Los Angeles.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of drugs offences after ecstasy tablets and cocaine worth more than 400,000 euro (£353,176) were seized in Paris.
Jeremy Corbyn's time as Labour leader has seen him emerge as one of the party's most outspoken MPs, often using the power of the House of Commons to highlight his views.
In the heart of the Republic of Ireland's midlands lies a town that has seen its fortunes turn from bad to worse in recent years.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is to visit Moscow in the coming weeks, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
The Scottish government has issued a commemorative medal to mark the 75th anniversary of the sinking of a Royal Navy ship in the English Channel.
The government has rejected calls for new powers to curb the growth of fixed-odds betting machines on High Streets.
Ethiopians have been reacting with shock to the news that the country's most famous athlete, Haile Gebrselassie, is to retire.
The man behind the takeover of the Financial Times is one of Japan's richest men, Shigeru Kita.
Luis Suarez has lost his appeal against a four-month ban for biting a player.
Kilmarnock have signed Lithuania international midfielder Vykintas Sernas on a two-year deal.
The United States Soccer Federation has announced plans to ban children under the age of 10 from heading footballs.
Shares in Sky have soared after 21st Century Fox said it had agreed a deal to buy the 61% of the broadcaster it does not already own.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation offences.
Police are hunting two men who carried out an armed robbery at a post office in South Lanarkshire.
More than 2,000 teenagers are taking part in the Ten Tors event on Dartmoor.
A chronology of key events surrounding the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio in 2011.
Tributes have been paid to a man who died after getting into difficulty while swimming at a beauty spot.
A school has suspended two staff members over allegations of historical sexual abuse.
Former Newcastle United player Cheick Tiote has been remembered at a memorial service in China.
Shares in Asia were lower on Tuesday as investors remained cautious ahead of the Greek election next week.
Blackberry has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year, helped by sales of its new Z10 smartphone.
Proserv, a Dumfries and Galloway-based subsea technology firm, has won two new contracts in the North Sea.
Teachers' pay could rise significantly in the future to ensure an "adequate supply" of good teachers, according to a report by the Teaching Standards Review Board (STRB).
Voting has ended in the European elections, with the far-right National Front coming first in France and Eurosceptics taking top spot in the UK.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi croesawu casgliadau'r adroddiad cynllun morlyn arfaethedig yn Abertawe.
Liverpool's mayor has said he will not be holding a referendum on any further council tax rises.
The United Nations has called for the US to suspend its controversial biofuels quota.
The shape of beer glasses does not appear to affect the time it takes to finish a half pint of beer, according to a study.
Crawley Town have signed midfielder David Dugdale on a one-year deal and re-signed defender Joe Cole on a two-year contract.
The crowdfunding site Kickstarter has been accused of running a scam.
The trial of a man accused of carrying out the Boston Marathon bombings has begun in the US state of Massachusetts.
It was the biggest strike in the history of the NHS.
A gay couple in the US state of Mississippi are suing a funeral home after they say it refused to handle their uncle's funeral because he was married to a man.
A virtual reality tour of Nottingham's caves has been launched.
The mother of a toddler who died after being left in a car in Australia had a memory lapse, an inquest has heard.
Scientists have identified 23 genes that make it easier or harder for cancer to spread in the body.
Perth Thunder lost to Hobart Hurricanes in the semi-finals of the Women's Big Bash League as England all-rounder Charlotte Brunt was run out in the final over.
Scotland's newspapers are predicting a second independence referendum in June, following the results of the local elections.
An MP has called for help to save the home of the British explorer, Queen of the Desert, Alice Bell.
Former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky has said he is considering seeking asylum in the UK because he is considered a threat to President Vladimir Putin.
Cladding used on a west London tower block has failed fire safety tests, the prime minister has said.
North Korea says it has developed a "hangover-free" alcohol that can be drunk in the early hours of the morning.
Newcastle Falcons director of rugby Dean Richards says he is "frustrated" by his side's poor start to the Premiership season.
A six-year-old boy who was left on a school bus for three months has been found safe and well.
US President Donald Trump has been criticised for claiming that withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement would have a negligible impact on global temperatures.
An inquest into the death of an Army reservist who collapsed on a training exercise has heard he did not think he would survive.
Google is exploring ways to monitor the blood for signs of cancer and other diseases, the tech giant has revealed.
Ghana coach Avram Grant has urged fans to stop criticising his players.
League Two side Notts County have signed Morecambe defender Ben Edwards on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A care worker has been jailed for stealing more than £20,000 from a vulnerable man.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino says there is "overwhelming" support for a 48-team World Cup.
The sister of Arlene Arkinson has told the inquest into her death that police did not do enough to find out what happened to her.
Older people in England are being left to fend for themselves in a "destructive vicious circle", a charity has warned.
A 47-year-old woman has been found guilty of murdering a man at his home in Stirling.
A Saudi-led coalition air strike has killed at least 30 members of Yemen's elite Special Security Forces in the capital, Sanaa, officials say.
A motion of no confidence has been tabled in the Dáil (Irish parliament) in relation to a planned republican rally in Dublin.
Jonathan Rea clinched his first World Superbike title with victory in the final race of the season at Donington Park.
The US military has condemned the Afghan government's decision to release 37 of its prisoners.
Ben Affleck has won the top directing prize at the Directors Guild of America (DGA) awards for his film Argo.
Nigeria's military says it has begun operations to "rid the nation's border territories of terrorist bases and activities".
Tributes have been paid to sports journalist Peter Corrigan, who has died at the age of 74.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after two boys were stabbed.
Britain's Tom Latham won bronze in the men's keirin at the Track World Championships in Hong Kong.
Cardiff Blues have named a 23-man squad for the 2016-17 Pro12 campaign.
Charlotte Richardson and Joanna Chancellor are to star in a three-part BBC One comedy-drama based on the 1930s novels Lucia and Elizabeth Mapp.
A 29-year-old man from Liverpool, Joseph Clark, travelled by car with friends, who all survived.
A teenager pulled out a machete and attacked a taxi driver before stealing his change, a court has heard.
Jodie Taylor scored a late winner as England beat the Netherlands in their final warm-up game before Euro 2017.
Bath have signed hooker Jonny Evans from Newport Gwent Dragons on a two-year deal.
Britain's Alex Thomson has moved into third place in the Vendee Globe.
The New South Wales (NSW) parliament has used the word "revolting slug" to describe US presidential candidate Donald Trump.
Five-time Olympic gold medallist Sir Steve Redgrave and Sir Chris Hoy will lead the BBC's coverage of the Rio 2016 Games.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) has asked the owner of a drilling rig which ran aground in the Western Isles last year to pay £500,000.
How do you solve the problem of lorries queuing for hours to cross the Channel from the UK to France?
A man who was shot in the leg in Rhondda Cynon Taff has died.
West Indies won their first World Twenty20 title as Kraigg Brathwaite hit an unbeaten 49 from 27 balls off the final ball to beat England by five wickets in the final in Abu Dhabi.
Dirk Coetzee, the South African journalist who exposed the Vlakplaas spy ring, has died at the age of 83.
Former Hillsborough disaster commander David Duckenfield is one of six people to be charged over the 1989 disaster.
Archaeological finds made during the construction of the West Link in Inverness have been displayed at a school.
The streets of Stuttgart's Mariensaeule are a hive of activity at this time of year.
The Workers Party has accused the BBC of putting a "price tag" on political airtime ahead of the general election.
Footage has emerged of the moment boxer Floyd Mayweather's tour van was set on fire.
A seven-year-old girl suffered burns to her face when a vapouriser exploded on a Harry Potter ride in Florida, US police say.
A man has died after being hit by a chainsaw in south London.
The number of people in the world with visual impairment is set to more than double in the next decade, say researchers.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan said his side's 1-0 friendly win over Poland was a "bonus" ahead of their next match against Nigeria.
A man has been jailed for eight weeks after being caught with a fake gun and a knife in a Worthing park.
Hundreds of people in London are marking All Saints Day by cleaning up and lighting candles at Polish graves.
New rules on the way broadband providers advertise their prices have come into force.
A member of staff has suffered a serious head injury in a robbery at a Borders Post Office.
Northern Ireland's jobs creation agency has said it is "gravely concerning" that the Stormont executive has not yet set the rate of corporation tax.
A section of a cliff in Bournemouth has collapsed following heavy rain.
Wycombe Wanderers striker Lee Tomlin has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
A convicted sex offender who was due to be released from a prison in Cambridgeshire has been deported.
The Conservatives have retained all but one of their seats in Dorset.
Dumfries and Galloway Council has agreed a budget for the next financial year.
A review is to be carried out into the circumstances leading up to the death of Liam Fee.
US President Donald Trump has banned people from seven mainly Muslim countries from entering the US until further notice.
The Australian government says it will strip citizenship from dual nationals who fight for terrorist groups.
Fifteen soldiers who refused to stand at attention during a training exercise in Kenya have been sentenced at a court martial.
A man has been left " scarred for life" after an unprovoked attack in a Glasgow pub.
Comedian and actor Kevin Hart has announced he is to release his first solo album.
Britain's Andy Murray and Dan Evans both reached the fourth round of the Australian Open with straight-set wins on Friday.
Jared Allen has signed a one-year contract extension with the Minnesota Vikings.
Wigan Athletic have signed Oxford United defender Jordan Dunkley on a two-year deal.
Scientists are calling for an international agreement on how to protect the high seas.
The outcome of the fatal accident inquiry (FAI) into the Glasgow bin lorry crash will be announced on Monday.
Former DUP minister Jonathan Bell has said he was suspended from the party for telling the truth over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The police control room service in Dumfries has performed "to the satisfaction of the public", according to a report.
Transport Scotland is to explore the possibility of extending the new Borders Railway to Carlisle.
An environmental group has won the right to challenge plans to run electricity cables through a Gwynedd forest.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino can replace Harry Kane or Jamie Vardy at the club.
Sculptures of herdwick sheep have been installed in the Lake District to raise money for a charity.
Defender Gary Cahill says England's 1-0 friendly defeat by Spain was "flattered" by their opponents.
An early copy of a Byzantine gold coin found in Norfolk has been declared treasure by a coroner.
A UKIP donor has accused the party of suspending his membership because of his criticism of its leadership.
Plans to improve transport in north west Cardiff have been unveiled.
A County Londonderry man and his daughter have made history in the world of cricket.
A woman who was sexually abused at a care home in Calderdale has joined a protest calling for more to be done to protect children.
Police investigating the murder of a dissident republican in the Republic of Ireland are searching for a car used by the killers.
"Zombie" caterpillars have been found hanging from branches on a nature reserve in Lancashire.
A "predatory and ruthless" paedophile has been jailed for 20 years.
Brentford moved out of the League One relegation zone with victory over struggling Bolton Wanderers.
The mother of a teenager who went missing nine years ago has said she is "relieved" police are now focusing on a car seen in the area.
Lancashire's Alex Davies and James Jarvis shared an unbeaten century stand to leave Derbyshire needing 365 to win on the final day at Edgbaston.
Ghana came from behind to beat DR Congo 2-1 and reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals.
Eleven Aston Villa and Leicester City fans arrested after a fight broke out during a Premier League match have been released on bail.
Photographs of the bombing of Manchester by the Luftwaffe during World War Two have been released to mark the 70th anniversary of the attack.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick as Widnes came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers.
It's been a week since Sony Pictures was the victim of a massive hack attack.
A man who stabbed a woman to death in a Caerphilly county hotel had previously made death and violence threats, an inquest has heard.
People in Wales with long-term health conditions are more likely to experience fear, hopelessness and despair than those who have learnt to live with their symptoms, research has found.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) has lifted provisional bans on six Russian cross-country skiers.
Clydesdale Bank has set aside an extra £1.2bn to compensate customers who were mis-sold insurance and interest rate hedging products.
A zebra has died after running into a lake during a police chase at a golf course in Japan.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict former hospital in Inverness.
French police have paid tribute to the victims of last week's attacks in Paris, in which 130 people were killed.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the idea of a polygraph test for new police recruits in Nigeria.
A rare copy of Adolf Hitler's political manifesto Mein Kampf is to be sold at auction.
Human footprints have been found on a beach in Ceredigion for the first time.
The former chief executive of Brazil's state-run oil company, Petrobras, has named dozens of politicians he says took bribes from the company.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed Slovakian goalkeeper Tomas Rachubka on a one-year deal.
The UK is to pay for the construction of a new prison in Jamaica to allow UK prisoners to be deported.
Hackers who stole more than $81m (£55m) from Bangladesh's central bank did not take basic security precautions, investigators say.
Brighton & Hove Albion have signed Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell on loan until the end of the season.
A few years ago, Iain Foster was sitting in the stands at Ibrox when a Rangers fan walked up to him and made a comment.
More than 100 jobs are set to be created in Brechin as part of a £20m expansion of an engineering firm.
I'm looking forward to playing my first match at Wimbledon on Tuesday, and I'm expecting a good performance from my number two seed, Liam Broady.
Universities in England are advertising a higher level of tuition fees than the £9,000 upper limit set by the government.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man died following an incident in a Harrogate pub.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi mynnu na fyddan nhw'n gwarantu mwy na hanner y gost.
Huddersfield Town moved into the Championship play-off places with victory over Norwich City at the John Smith's Stadium.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says Sergio Aguero's absence from Sunday's derby against Manchester City will make the game "more difficult".
West Bromwich Albion boss Tony Pulis says the modern game has changed so much that his 1,000th game in charge of Bournemouth on Saturday will be "no reflection on real life".
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has announced his retirement from Test cricket.
Celtic could be without two of their top forwards for their Champions League third-round qualifier against Rosenborg.
Dumfries and Galloway Council has "generally met its objectives" in supporting the development of the events sector in the region, according to a report.
Violence at a prison in Gloucestershire where two inmates died last year was "very high", inspectors have said.
Ireland captain Rory Best says it would be a "massive honour" to follow Paul O'Connell as head coach under Joe Schmidt.
Hundreds of people are expected to turn out for this year's Borders Claymore Carving Championships.
The National Advisory Board for Mosque and Imams has said it is working to improve standards at madrassas after a teacher was found guilty of cruelty.
Michael Gove and Boris Johnson's battle for the Tory leadership has been like a Shakespearean tragedy.
The UK's energy regulator has called on the big six energy suppliers to cut their prices in line with falling costs.
DJ Calvin Harris is to headline this year's Lulworth Festival, organisers have announced.
St Helens' Sam Brookes has been banned for two weeks after admitting striking with his shoulder in Saturday's defeat by Newcastle Falcons.
The Grenfell Tower fire victims must be re-housed locally, Jeremy Corbyn has told MPs.
One of the world's best-known virtual currencies, Bitcoin, has been hit by a major setback.
A motorcyclist has died in a crash in Lancashire.
A group of Iranian girls have won a medal at a science, technology, engineering and maths competition in the US.
Ospreys made it three wins out of three in the Pro12 with a resounding victory over Treviso.
A yellow "be aware" warning for ice has been issued for the whole of Scotland.
Sir Elton John has been diagnosed with an appendix abscess.
The row between Apple and the FBI over the use of encryption keys has reignited a long-running dispute over who should control the technology.
Deutsche Bank, one of the world's biggest banks, has said that if the UK votes for a Labour-led coalition government on 8 June, it would be "unlikely" to raise interest rates.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in more than a year in June, according to a closely watched survey.
Photographer Hugh Kinsella Cunningham meets some of the boxers hoping to follow in the footsteps of "The Greatest" Muhammad Ali.
At the Chalcots leisure centre in north-east London, staff are busy trying to find accommodation for the hundreds of residents who have been evacuated from their homes.
Homelessness is a big issue in the UK, and in this week's Great British Bake Off, we meet Alex, a young man who ends up on the streets.
Aer Lingus has announced it is to end its summer flights from Dublin to the UK.
An explosion in the Turkish city of Diyarbakir has killed at least one person, the interior minister has said.
The Duchess of Cambridge has announced she is to give birth to her first child, a girl named Beatrice.
Two 16-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in Manchester on Saturday.
Portadown will hope to maintain their slim hopes of avoiding Premiership relegation when they host Ballinamallard United on Saturday.
Hackers from pro-Ukrainian groups have been carrying out a campaign of cyber warfare against pro-Russian separatists in the east of the country.
A man who tried to board a flight from Edinburgh Airport with more than 20 knives, CS gas canisters and knuckledusters has been jailed for six months.
Tata Steel is in advanced talks to sell its Scunthorpe steelworks to a private equity firm, the BBC understands.
American Phil Mickelson carded the lowest ever round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon to lead by three shots.
As the Olympic Games get under way in London, the transport system is once again in the spotlight.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with shares in Dixons Carphone and WH Smith among the biggest fallers.
There has been a sharp rise in the number of assaults on prison staff in England and Wales, figures show.
Landowners have been given guidance on how to deal with dog-walking on their land.
An Anglesey singer is visiting the US to encourage more people to sign up as a bone marrow donor.
As the Welsh Government prepares to unveil its budget for 2017/18, BBC Wales takes a look at what we know so far.
A lorry has crashed into the side of a house, causing major disruption to rail and road services.
England prop Alex Corbisiero has been called up to the British and Irish Lions squad to replace injured Cian Healy.
The scandal surrounding a Malaysian state investment fund, 1MDB, has engulfed the country for more than a year.
Glasgow City Council has approved plans to build more than 200 new homes in the city's Govanhill area.
The price of oil has fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time since 2003.
Opposition parties have criticised the Welsh government's decision to temporarily close a back-to-work scheme which has helped create more than 17,000 jobs.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in rallies across the UK in protest at the election of Donald Trump as US president.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found with serious head injuries.
MSPs are to hold an inquiry into the gender pay gap in Scotland.
A patient had to wait eight hours to be admitted to a ward at a Nottingham hospital, her family has said.
French far-right leader Marine Le Pen's party, the National Front (FN), has been accused of defrauding the European Parliament out of €1.2m (£1.1m; $1.3m).
The government is to impose a £35,000 (£30,000) salary cap on the right to settle in the UK.
The Royal Yacht Britannia has been named Scotland's best tourist attraction for 10 years running.
London Underground (LU) drivers are to be balloted on strike action over plans for all-night services, the Aslef union has said.
A Victorian fort in Pembrokeshire is to reopen to the public.
Residents in Wrexham are being rehoused after their homes were flooded during Storm Desmond.
Israeli prosecutors have charged former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with corruption.
The European Union is holding emergency talks in Brussels in an attempt to reach a deal with Turkey over the migrant crisis.
The UK government has warned its citizens not to travel to the US states of North Carolina and Mississippi because of new anti-LGBT laws.
Gillingham chairman Paul Scally says the club will not be able to sustain top-flight football if they do not build a new stadium.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead at a house in Inverness.
Ipswich moved out of the Championship relegation zone with victory at Derby.
The best way to throw a piece of paper into a bin is to release it at the slowest possible speed, a study suggests.
Birmingham Bears fast bowler Joe Thornton has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Vote Leave is offering a £50m prize to the first person to correctly predict the result of all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football championships.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for ice across Scotland on Saturday night.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon expects the majority of his squad to stay at the Championship club next season.
Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb has ruled himself out of the running to succeed Sepp Blatter as Fifa president.
New fathers are often diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Darts commentator Eric Bristow has been dropped by Sky and Newcastle United after he questioned why victims of child sex abuse do not come forward.
A man has been charged with murder after a woman was stabbed to death in Bath.
The BBC is to create an Ideas Service to bring the "best from Britain's cultural institutions and thinkers to everyone", the corporation's boss has said.
Home Depot has reported better-than-expected sales for the fourth quarter, helped by a strong US housing market.
Tranmere Rovers have signed Dale striker Nyal Bell on a season-long loan deal.
A court in Turkey has begun hearing evidence in the trial of eight people accused of involvement in a coalmine disaster that killed more than 1,000 people.
The US-led coalition fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq says it has destroyed nearly $1bn (£770m) of cash held by the group.
Andy Murray and Marcelo Melo beat Marin Cilic and Dusan Dodig 6-4 6-3 to reach the Monte Carlo Masters final.
A 23-year-old man has appeared in court charged with making an explosive device at a London Underground station.
A court in India has sentenced seven policemen to life in prison for killing 11 Sikh men in a fake encounter in 1993.
China has some of the best schools in the world, according to the former head of Oxford University's Institute of Education.
Employees' representatives should be given a say in how top executives are paid, the government has said.
The owner of a shipyard that went into administration last year has said he hopes to create 1,300 jobs at the site.
A new reconstruction of the last known movements of a teenager who was murdered more than 40 years ago has been released by police.
The family of a teenager killed in a crash have said their hearts have been "utterly broken" by her death.
A fifth member of the Department of Housing's board of directors has resigned.
Chelsea have appointed former Russia boss Guus Hiddink as Jose Mourinho's replacement for the rest of the season.
Britain's Naomi Broady and Heather Watson were beaten 6-3 6-2 by sisters Chan Tsung-hwa and Lin Dan in the final of the Hong Kong Open.
Australia thrashed defending champions New Zealand at Anfield to win the Four Nations for the first time.
A new surfing attraction in Snowdonia has been forced to close for the winter due to a "serious failure" in its machinery.
A campaign has been launched to save a Grade II-listed mill tower which was destroyed in an arson attack.
The new head of Oxford University has said there is a "crucial distinction" between radical ideas and incitement to violence.
The 12 Years a Slave has won the top prize at the New York Film Critics Circle Awards.
The deputy chief executive of Dumfries and Galloway Council is to leave the authority.
World number one Lydia Ko is in contention at the Women's PGA Championship after a one-under-par 69 in the second round.
The boss of BT's Openreach division, Joe Garner, is to become chief executive of the Nationwide building society.
Kilmarnock have signed Liam Waters from Alloa Athletic for an undisclosed fee.
Governors of a Gwynedd secondary school have written to the council to object to plans for a new campus.
A "dominant bully" has been jailed for at least 11 years after being found guilty of smuggling guns and ammunition into the UK.
The New Horizons spacecraft is preparing for its historic flyby of Pluto.
England fly-half Danny Cipriani will return to Wasps for the 2016-17 season.
Plans to build a new nuclear power station in the UK have been delayed after the government said it would review the project.
Grimsby came from 2-0 down to beat Aldershot and keep their National League play-off hopes alive.
McDonald's in Japan says it could run out of French fries by the end of the year.
Wales scrum-half Jamie Roberts will make his Cambridge debut in Saturday's Varsity match against Oxford.
Judges in England and Wales should consider the psychological impact of sexual offences when sentencing offenders, under new proposals.
Wigan Athletic have signed former Manchester United winger Jordan Powell on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Austria's new president has said he is open to working with the country's far-right Freedom Party.
At the age of 14, Jordan Spieth signed a contract with his father that would have allowed him to play professional golf for the rest of his life if he failed to win the Masters.
The deadline for renewing tax credits has passed, but millions of people still need to do so, the tax authority has said.
Northampton Town manager Chris Wilder has been named as Bolton Wanderers' new manager on a two-year deal.
Edinburgh Capitals head coach Craig Johnston was left disappointed after his side's weekend ended in defeat.
The world's largest container ship has docked at the Port of Felixstowe.
Glamorgan bowled out Gloucestershire for 220 on the opening day of their County Championship Division Two match at Cardiff.
It is "perverse and counterproductive" to shift money away from healthy-pupils schemes at the expense of children's health, councils have said.
Jaguar Land Rover has announced plans to replace the Defender, its best-selling vehicle.
Southampton defender Virgil van Dijk will be available for the start of next season, says manager Claude Puel.
Akzo Nobel has again rejected a takeover bid from US paint giant PPG Industries.
Glasgow City thrashed Inverness Caledonian Thistle 14-0 in the first round of the SWPL League Cup.
The Red Cross has warned that Yemen will run out of food imports "very soon" because of the scale of the conflict.
United Airlines has said it will stop flying from Belfast to Newark, New Jersey, at the end of this month.
South Africa coach Orlando Mashaba has blamed poor preparation for the team's failure to qualify for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Russia has launched its own version of the online encyclopaedia Wikipedia.
In the summer of 2015, David Fearon was ready to give up on his career as a sprinter.
Scottish football could benefit from a move to Major League Soccer, according to Kris Boyd.
Four men arrested in connection with the deaths of a girl and her cousin who were hit by a car in Oldham have been released on bail.
League Two side Macclesfield Town have signed Southampton midfielder Jack Gape on a season-long loan deal.
A five-year-old boy who ran a 5km race without his walking frame has been honoured at the Yorkshire Awards.
The international community has failed to agree a global agreement on climate change since Copenhagen in 2009.
Former England footballer David Ginola says he will challenge Sepp Blatter for the presidency of Fifa.
Defending champion Kerry Doherty will begin her bid for a first World Championship title when she faces Kirsty Evans in the first round of qualifying at the Crucible.
It is not every day you get the chance to bowl at one of the world's most famous cricketers.
Burkina Faso coach Bruno Duarte is confident his squad will be fit for next month's Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
A man died after being shot with a Taser by a police officer, an inquest has heard.
Southern rail has withdrawn its offer to the RMT union to end a long-running dispute over driver-only trains.
Hundreds of people have been forced to flee their homes as wildfires continue to burn across northern California.
Southport have parted company with manager Steve Burr and assistant Gary Watson.
A California woman who was kidnapped last week had a "message" branded on her skin, a sheriff has said.
Campaigners have launched a bid to reopen a Victorian swimming pool in Reading which has been closed for more than 100 years.
It's that time of year again - time for emojis.
The family of a woman who died after being hit by a car on a Swansea road have paid tribute to her.
Canada's Adam Hadwin won his first PGA Tour title with a one-shot victory at the Canadian Open in Calgary.
More than 100 people have signed an advert urging a group planning a protest in north Belfast to reconsider.
An oak planted by suffragettes more than 100 years ago has been named Scotland's Tree of the Year.
Northern Ireland's Ian Irvine has announced his retirement from cycling.
Manchester United's Ashley Young says manager Louis van Gaal has given him the confidence to play for England.
India's controversial Kudankalum nuclear power station in Tamil Nadu state has become operational, state media report.
The coroner for Greater Manchester has said he will write to the government about patient safety at weekends.
Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy says there are "question marks" over the officiating in his side's Pro12 defeat by Munster.
Nuclear safety concerns at the UK's largest naval dockyard will not be resolved within two years, a watchdog has said.
A man wanted in connection with a fatal stabbing in Dumfries and Galloway has been found.
A 13-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two girls in a park.
Birmingham City have won their appeal against the red card shown to Sam Adams in their defeat at Fulham.
A mother and her two-year-old son have been found dead in their home.
Dogs and other animals should be allowed on hospital wards, the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) says.
A charity is calling for a minimum purchase age of 16 for stimulant laxatives after a 30% increase in calls to its help lines over the last year.
The UK's trade minister has told the BBC that he wants a free trade deal with the European Union after Brexit.
Police in the Republic of Ireland are continuing to question two men as part of their investigation into the London terror attack.
Teachers' pay should be devolved to the assembly, Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said.
A 17-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital following a crash between a car and a lorry in Dundee.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a new Jewish exhibition at the Auschwitz death camp.
The number of Syrian refugees resettled in Wales has risen by more than a third in the past three months.
Twelve-time Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis- Hill is taking part in a series of walking and running events in Windsor.
One person has been killed in a collision between a tank and a car during a large-scale Nato exercise in Norway, police say.
At the scene of Friday's attack on a mosque in the northern Nigerian city of Kano, hundreds of people are still recovering from their injuries.
Police in Italy have seized more than 1bn euros ($1.3bn; Â£1.1bn) in assets from a notorious criminal.
Two Australian men have been sentenced to up to eight strokes of the cane for vandalising a train in Singapore.
Plans for a £1.9m project to protect the Snowdonia mountains have been given the go-ahead.
North Korea has strongly condemned the US missile strike on a Syrian airbase, state media say.
Belfast Giants captain Colin Shields is to be honoured with a special match in the Elite League.
A British man has been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of being a member of a terrorist organisation, his lawyer has said.
Hundreds of people have attended a protest against plans to dig up a former burial ground to make way for the HS2 rail line.
Kent batsman Chris Stevens hit an unbeaten century to help his side take control of their Division Two match against Essex.
Lebanon's Hezbollah movement has offered "every possible and necessary aid" to the Syrian army, its leader has said.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said a second independence referendum is likely to be held in 2018.
A house has been destroyed in a fire in Oxfordshire.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a park in Lancashire.
Police officers in Powys are to be issued with body-worn cameras.
Eddie Izzard is to run 27 marathons in 27 days in South Africa for Comic Relief.
Scott Allan would be a "class act" if he were to join Celtic, according to former Rangers captain Barry Ferguson.
A woman who died in police custody in Lancashire has been named.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt said he was "incredibly proud" of his players after they fought back from 17-0 down to beat Argentina.
A five-year-old Japanese boy who was abandoned by his parents for six days has said he has forgiven his parents.
A pensioner has been given a community payback order after driving home from a pub in Aberdeenshire while more than four times the drink-drive limit.
The owners of a derelict former hospital will not have to pay the £940,000 bill for restoration work carried out in 2011.
An Israeli police officer has been placed on forced leave after a video emerged appearing to show him abusing a Palestinian lorry driver.
Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick is the best in English football, according to former manager Sir Alex Ferguson.
A temp agency has been accused of "sexism" after an advert for a personal assistant with a "b-c cup" was posted on its website.
More than half of English Christians do not believe in Jesus, according to a Church of England survey.
The graves of four young girls killed in a World War One explosion at a Wrexham cottage are to be marked.
The daughter of former Labour peer Lord Janner, who has been accused of historical child sex abuse, has said it is "outrageous" that he will not face an inquiry into the allegations.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has come under fire for violence at his rallies.
People who read tabloids make less progress in vocabulary than those who read highbrow fiction, a study has found.
Grimsby Town have signed Scunthorpe United defender Ben Davis on a two-year deal.
Here's a round-up of some of the #DogsAtPollingStations you may have seen on social media.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson is to hold a summit to discuss the impact of Brexit on Scotland's justice system.
Aid workers have arrived in Vanuatu to assess the damage caused by Cyclone Pam.
A man has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of murdering a woman who was dragged along a street by her neck.
Barnsley moved into the League One play-off places with victory over Coventry, thanks to goals from Joe Roberts and Luke Fletcher.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says his side's poor run of form is not down to a lack of confidence.
In the summer of 1940, Mahatma Gandhi was in the middle of one of the most important moments of his life.
A man has been charged after two women were sexually assaulted at a block of flats in Edinburgh.
The Welsh government is to seek repayment for grant money given to a Torfaen company which has gone into liquidation.
A former mayor has resigned over his support for a taxi driver who had been convicted of rape.
American Jason Dufner will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill.
Cyclists have been banned from a Mansfield market place ahead of the Tour of Britain.
Three Syrian refugees who overpowered a suspected terror suspect in the German city of Leipzig are being hailed as heroes by the country's media.
The average wealth of working-age households in the UK rose by Â£7,000 between 2006 and 2012, according to a new report.
Spain's left-wing Podemos (We Can) party and the Socialist Party (PSOE) are neck-and-neck in opinion polls ahead of June's general election.
Liverpool have completed the signing of Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke for a fee of £35m.
A teenager has been arrested after a woman was raped at a railway station.
Bob Dudley, the chief executive of BP, has made two big announcements today.
More than 100 pupils have been sent home from an academy in Londonderry after failing to meet uniform standards.
Bollywood director Sanjay Bhansali is to make a film on Indian boxer Mary Kom.
The new Queensferry Crossing could open by May 2017, the project's boss has said.
Plans to ban smacking children in Wales have been branded "scaremongering" by campaigners.
The BBC has been given exclusive access to the Chinese village of Wukan in Guangdong province.
It has been the 'greatest' election campaign in US history.
A Kent company has opened its first washing machine factory in the UK.
US President Barack Obama has criticised David Cameron over the UK's intervention in Libya in 2011.
The prosecution service has told the Court of Appeal it will not be making any submissions to uphold the conviction of an IRA man for a weapons offence.
North Korea has sentenced an American man to life in prison with hard labour for "hostile acts".
Dundee have signed midfielder Dom Thomas from Motherwell for an undisclosed fee.
Leigh Centurions secured their place in the Super 8s with a comfortable victory over Salford Red Devils.
Dame Barbara Windsor is to be played by Jaime Winstone in a BBC One biopic of her life, with Sam Spiro reprising her role of Babs Windsor.
Soldiers in Ivory Coast have taken control of the capital, Abidjan, in a second day of unrest over a pay dispute.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill that would have eliminated the state's so-called "tampon tax".
The UK economy is "turning a corner", Chancellor George Osborne has said in a speech to the Confederation of British Industry.
You don't have to be an expert in European politics to know that a summit of the leaders of the world's biggest economies can be a gruelling affair.
Plaid Cymru has published its manifesto for the assembly election.
Plans to build a new school on a former landfill site in Sheffield have been approved.
Pig farmers are facing a "cash negative situation" because of a sharp fall in the price of the meat, according to a farming body.
At the top end of the luxury goods market, there are plenty of people making goods that are just as good, and more expensively.
Six men who stole £1m worth of signalling cable from Network Rail have been jailed.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been found guilty of a misdemeanour charge of criminal mischief for throwing eggs at his neighbour's home.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the issue of inclusion.
Leigh Centurions have appointed former St Helens assistant coach Keiron Cunningham as their new director of rugby.
Tributes have been paid to Sir Rod Temperton, the songwriter behind Michael Jackson's Thriller, who has died.
England one-day international Sarah Taylor has retired from international cricket.
Kenwyne Zohore scored the only goal of the game as Cardiff City beat Burton Albion to make a winning start to the Championship season.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a woman by dangerous driving.
Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher is in intensive care after suffering a heart attack, her family has said.
Average speed cameras are to be installed on the M74 as part of a £1.2bn motorway upgrade project.
Moeen Ali hit an unbeaten 68 as England took control of the fourth Test against South Africa at Old Trafford.
The sport of amputee football has been going for many years south of the border and now a charity is trying to spread the sport across Scotland.
Three Scottish soldiers killed in an explosion in Afghanistan were unlawfully killed, a coroner has ruled.
Ospreys captain Alun Wyn Jones says it will be "nice" to have a new contract with the Welsh Rugby Union.
Gardeners' World presenter Monty Don has warned that too many people are buying their plants from supermarkets.
A diver has been airlifted to hospital after getting into difficulty in the sea off the west coast of Scotland.
Oscar Pistorius has told his murder trial there was "nothing they could do" for his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp after she was shot.
Israeli police have launched an investigation into alleged price-fixing for school trips to Auschwitz-Birkenau and other Holocaust sites.
Bradford came from behind to draw at home to Oldham in League One.
Former Netherlands midfielder Wesley Sneijder has joined French Ligue 1 side Nice.
Dover moved to within three points of the National League play-off places with a convincing victory over Chester.
Hundreds of people have attended a protest in Falmouth against plans to build new student accommodation.
Motorists are being warned to expect "significant disruption" over the next few months as major motorway upgrades get under way.
Drug addiction should be treated as a public health issue rather than as a criminal matter, a senior police officer has said.
Ed Miliband has told a Labour rally in Glasgow that he would not do a deal with the SNP in the event of a hung parliament.
The number of weddings held in the Scottish town of Gretna rose last year, according to official figures.
A mother who has been on the run with her five-year-old son for more than a month has been urged to contact police.
Councillors in Pembrokeshire have voted to hold a second consultation on the future of two schools in the town.
Hospitals are one of the biggest employers in the UK, but are they getting too busy?
The family of a boy scarred for life after he was mauled by a dog in Cardiff has been awarded £20,000 in compensation.
An 18-year-old man has died after falling from a statue.
UK house prices rose by 9.5% in 2015, the fastest rise since 2006, according to the country's largest mortgage lender.
A flag flown by Admiral Lord Nelson during the Battle of the Somme has been found in a cupboard at a Powys castle, its owner has said.
A British student has been sentenced to five years in prison in the United Arab Emirates for possessing cocaine.
A former IRA man who gave evidence to an American university has been allowed to hand over his tapes to police.
Russia's Evgeny Artykov has been stripped of his Olympic bronze medal after failing a drugs test.
Jose Antonio scored twice as Nottingham Forest twice came from behind to draw with Watford at Vicarage Road.
It is "more important than ever" to spread the message of togetherness and unity at Christmas, the first minister has said.
Golf's Olympic future could be in doubt if the PGA Tour does not comply with new anti-doping rules for next year's Games in Rio.
If you are on Facebook, you may have seen an account pretending to be you.
CCTV footage of the police raid on the Lindt Cafe in Sydney has been released as part of an inquest into the death of a hostage.
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates are to be recycled after being sold off.
Salford Red Devils have signed Wales international Tyrone McCarthy for next season.
A man has died after falling from a cherry picker at a Lincolnshire factory.
Syria has submitted the final part of its chemical weapons stockpile to the international watchdog set up to destroy them.
A new treatment for cystic fibrosis has been described as "groundbreaking" by doctors.
A bookshop dubbed one of the best in the world is facing a £1m repair bill.
The Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) has welcomed Asda's decision to increase the price it pays for milk in Northern Ireland.
The government has lost a vote in the House of Lords over its plans to give English MPs an effective veto on English-only laws.
A man who posted "grotesque" comments on Facebook about a Fife toddler who was later found dead has been jailed for six months.
The Cypriot parliament is due to vote on a bailout deal agreed with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund.
Two climbers have reached the summits of St Kilda's two highest sea stacks.
More than 13,000 drivers have been caught by a Cardiff speed camera since it was installed in 2012.
The inquests into the deaths of the 22 people killed in the Manchester Arena attack have been opened and adjourned.
The Department of Infrastructure (DRD) has been ordered to pay damages to a construction firm after it failed to secure a multi-million pound contract.
Mae cynlluniau penodol wedi eu cwblhau yn cael ei hadeiladu dros y ffordd i gysylltu ardaloedd gogleddol a deheuol y ddinas.
A Derbyshire GP who carried out a series of "brutal and sustained" knife attacks on patients has had his jail term increased from four to eight years.
Two disabled people have taken the government to court over delays in their benefits.
David Cameron has clashed with opposition MPs over tax in the first Prime Minister's Questions since the Panama Papers leak.
Shots have been fired in the centre of the German capital, Berlin, killing one person and injuring another.
Teachers' unions in Northern Ireland have rejected a pay offer from the Department of Education.
More than half of nurseries and childminders say they will have to increase fees or limit hours under the government's new free childcare scheme.
Scientists have solved the mystery of why flamingos stand unsupported on one leg.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following the death of a man in Londonderry.
The RMT union has said it will accept a pay offer from London Underground for the Night Tube service.
The mother of missing Madeleine McCann has begun a cycling challenge across the UK.
A Canadian woman has been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of insulting the president, her lawyer says.
A search has been carried out for a man reported to have fallen from the Broughty Ferry Bridge in East Lothian.
Plans for a £1bn shopping and restaurant complex have been given the go-ahead.
A number of Latin American countries have condemned Venezuela's Supreme Court's decision to disband the opposition-controlled National Assembly.
Councils in Wales will not be allowed to raise council tax to pay for social care, the Welsh government has said.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by two men in a Leicestershire park.
Edinburgh and Glasgow airports have reported their busiest January on record.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is "at a delicate juncture".
It has been a day of dramatic reversals.
Two men have appeared in court in Zimbabwe over the killing of a lion in the Hwange National Park.
Five Canadian servicemen have been removed from the military after they were filmed carrying British flags at a Canada Day ceremony in Halifax.
Labour has gained Tatton from the Conservatives in Cheshire.
At least 20 people have been killed in a bomb attack in the Syrian capital, Damascus, the state news agency Sana says.
A double-decker bus has crashed into a metal barrier over the Jed Water in North Lanarkshire.
A man has been jailed for life for the "brutal and senseless" murder of a Romanian woman.
Scotland has missed its annual greenhouse gas emissions target for the fourth year in a row, according to official figures.
How did King Arthur come to be, and who was he really?
A campaign group has accused HS2 of being "arrogant" and "less than honest" over the number of weekends it plans to close as part of the high speed rail project.
A lorry driver who killed a three-year-old girl and seriously injured her mother in a crash has been jailed for eight years.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has accused MPs of being "deliberately antagonistic" after he failed to attend a Commons hearing.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was set alight at her home in Stockport.
A tree in east London is to be turned into an office for the public as part of a scheme to raise money for parks and open spaces.
Australia is scrapping knighthoods and damehoods, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has announced.
The New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks 26-24 in a dramatic Super Bowl 50 half-time show.
A Welsh actor who plays Darth Vader in the latest Star Wars film has been honoured at the London Film Festival.
Leeds United have signed AC Milan midfielder Milan Benedicic on a two-year deal.
A construction worker has told BBC Wales a £50m arts and innovation centre in Gwynedd is a "mess" and may not open until June.
The BBC has been given exclusive access to the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in the US state of Oregon, where armed militia men are occupying a building.
A charity set up in memory of a teenager who was murdered 16 years ago is to close.
A man in his 50s has died after being hit by a car in Kilkeel, County Antrim.
A group of protesters have confronted the outgoing Orangeman priest, Fr Michael Donegan, during a parade in north Belfast.
Anheuser-Busch InBev's bid for rival SABMiller has been rejected as "very substantially undervalues" the brewer.
An all-white humpback whale known as Migaloo has been spotted making its way up Australia's east coast.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney has accused the UK government of "an austerity obsession".
A Danish court has sentenced four journalists to jail for selling details of public events to a private magazine.
Leeds United defender Chris Andrew has had his 12-match ban for elbowing Manchester City's Anthony Stokes reduced to one game.
Former England batsman James Taylor has rejoined Northamptonshire on a part-time basis.
Former Manchester United winger Nani says he is confident Valencia can recover from their poor start to the season.
Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart's future is a "big concern" for England manager Sam Allardyce.
Liam O'Shea scored a late winner as Chesterfield came from behind to beat Port Vale.
China's imports fell by more than expected in September, adding to concerns about the health of the world's second largest economy.
A peer has been found guilty of posting a Facebook message offering Â£5,000 for the first person to run over Gina Miller.
The number of people killed on the roads in England and Wales rose by almost 40% in the year to September 2015, according to official figures.
More than two-thirds of Scottish firms believe Brexit will have a negative impact on their business, according to the Fraser of Allander Institute.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has no new injury worries ahead of Sunday's Premier League game against Chelsea.
The two leading candidates in France's centre-right presidential race have clashed over economic reforms, in the final televised debate before Sunday's vote.
A father's involvement with his baby can improve the child's cognitive development, a study suggests.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he is "proud" of the government's record on free school meals.
Bins could be collected three times a week in Pembrokeshire in a bid to save money.
A California man has been sentenced to 16 years in prison for killing 18 cats and wounding three others.
A football club has become the second in the UK to go vegan.
Dundee have signed former Motherwell and Queen of the South midfielder Paul van Zanten on a one-year deal.
World number one Novak Djokovic reached the French Open semi-finals for the second year in a row, but world number one Serena Williams was knocked out.
MSPs on Holyrood's finance committee have backed the Scottish government's plan to change council tax bands.
Hull City will be without captain Wes Hoolahan after he was sent off in the FA Cup win over Lincoln.
Manchester City are interested in signing West Brom defender Jonny Evans, reports BBC Radio 5 live.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a World War Two Dambusters pilot after an advert in a local newspaper went viral.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson missed out on a first major international title as she finished third in the heptathlon at the IAAF World Indoor Championships.
A British man who was on the train that was attacked by a gunman in France has spoken of the horror of being locked in a compartment with other passengers.
A Galapagos tortoise has died at the age of 83 after a long battle with arthritis.
The United States women's football team will be honoured with a parade in New York City on Wednesday after winning the Women's World Cup.
The funeral of two brothers who were found dead in a car in the Republic of Ireland has taken place.
A former Hungarian police officer has been jailed for eight years for sexually assaulting a child under 13.
Plans for a new £10m post-16 centre in Torfaen have been approved by councillors.
Photographs of the Dambusters raids on the Mohne and Edersee dams in Germany have been sold at auction.
A Dumfries and Galloway butcher has come up with an unusual way to celebrate Easter.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino's future at the club is "over" after the striker scored in their 1-0 win at Stoke.
A Russian maestro has given a concert in the Syrian city of Palmyra, where Islamic State (IS) militants used to operate.
The Metropolitan Opera in New York has cancelled a performance of an opera based on the hijacking of a cruise ship by Palestinian militants.
Hibernian manager Lee Clark hopes his side can regain the "wow factor" of the Scottish Premiership.
The UK is sending a "perverse signal" to the rest of the world by cutting subsidies for renewable energy, a senior UN official has said.
A robot designed by Japan's Shigeru Arai can read and write as well as humans, according to a new study.
Militants in Syria say they have captured the pilot of a military jet that crashed in the north of the country on Sunday.
Former England head coach Stuart Lancaster is interested in the Toulon job, BBC Sport understands.
The man who has provided the voice of Muppet Kermit the Frog for more than 30 years is to step down.
Police investigating the death of a 23-year-old man in Wishaw have said they believe the answer to his death lies in the local community of Larkhall.
A drilling rig has run aground on a beach on the Isle of Lewis.
A driver who admitted causing the death of a teenager in a car crash in Cambridgeshire has been jailed for three years.
Widnes Vikings can "really turn this year around" if they can end their seven-game winless run, says assistant coach Chris Betts.
Aston Villa manager Steve Black says he had no choice but to drop midfielder Martin Olsson after he refused to play for the club.
A house in Londonderry has been set alight in the early hours of the morning.
Welsh Labour and the Conservatives are to set out their plans for Wales in their election manifestos on Thursday.
A female swan shot in the head with an arrow in Fife has been released back into the wild.
The Council for Wales of Voluntary Youth Services (CWVYS) has become the first body in Wales to register non-formal and in-work teachers.
The human rights group Amnesty International says it is "deeply concerned" by reports that dozens of people are facing execution in Saudi Arabia.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Jordan Morgan-Smith on a one-year deal.
A group of zebras have escaped from a ranch in the US state of New Mexico.
Four men have been airlifted to safety after getting into difficulty on a cliff on Skye.
An MP who was questioned by police over his involvement in an independence campaign will not face any further action.
The Welsh Conservatives are the only party in a position to win an overall majority in the general election, the Welsh government has said.
Reading for pleasure can improve the mental and physical health of people, a report says.
Formula 1 team boss Christian Horner says he is "amazed" Silverstone has triggered a break clause in its contract to host the British Grand Prix.
A lifeboat station in south Wales has installed a high-definition camera to monitor sea conditions.
United Airlines has offered millions of dollars in rewards to hackers who report security holes in its websites.
Liam Boyce scored a hat-trick as Ross County came from behind to beat 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
A new study has found that horses' heart rates rise when they see angry or happy faces.
More than 1,000 motorists have been tested for drink driving in north Wales in the past year, police have said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked in a street in East Lothian.
Atletico Madrid missed the chance to go top of La Liga for the first time this season as Charles' late goal saw them lose 2-1 at Real Sociedad.
Ben Davies scored the only goal of the game as Tottenham beat Aston Villa to reach the FA Cup fourth round.
Insurance broker Royal Sun Alliance is to close its office in Birmingham with the loss of 190 jobs.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his players have "created a record" by winning 25 of their first 30 Premier League games.
A drug which reduces the risk of HIV infection is to be trialled on the NHS in Wales.
A Russian long jumper has been cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics after winning an appeal against her ban.
Social housing contributed £1.1bn to the Welsh economy in 2014/15, according to a new report.
More than 600 staff have been hired by Transport for London (TfL) to work on the Night Tube.
A wood fire which had been burning for more than a month has been brought under control.
The public inquiry into historical child abuse should be scrapped and replaced with a "stronger" body, an MP has said.
The Daily and Sunday Politics are on-air seven days a week for much of the year reporting the news from Westminster and beyond.
White teenagers at English schools are the least likely to apply to university, according to figures from the admissions service Ucas.
Hull KR fought back from 22-0 down at half-time to draw with Halifax in Super League.
A baby who died of sepsis could have survived if he had been taken to hospital sooner, an inquest has heard.
An eight-year-old girl has written to a council asking it to make a disabled swing for her twin brother at a new play park.
The granddaughter of Peggy O'Hara has defended the paramilitary theme at her grandmother's funeral.
JogScotland has said it is "devastated" that £100,000 of Scottish government funding has been withdrawn.
When it comes to campaigning in East Belfast it's hard to beat the presence of the DUP leader, Arlene Foster.
A fourth Met Police officer has been sacked for leaking information about a row at the gates of Downing Street.
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a West End musical version of the film Made in Dagenham.
England's collapse in the second Test against India in Visakhapatnam was not down to the pitch.
Two men have been jailed for their part in the theft of more than 100 sheep.
The Greek prime minister has said that the "vicious circle" of sanctions and Cold War rhetoric is not productive.
Team Sky boss Sir Dave Brailsford says he is "not proud" of the way he dealt with the controversy over banned substances.
One of Russia's best-known journalists, Alexander Tsilikin, has been found stabbed to death in his flat in St Petersburg.
The surviving crew of Pan Am Flight 73 have spoken for the first time about the harrowing events that led to the hijacking of the plane in 1986.
Some police forces in England and Wales are rationing 999 calls, leading to a "potentially perilous state of British policing", inspectors have warned.
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham defender Tomas Rodak on loan until the end of the season.
(Close): Shares in advertising giant WPP and energy giant National Grid were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100.
Two Canadian teenagers have appeared in court charged in connection with the death of a teenage girl who took her own life.
Olympic bronze medallist Aneurin Bevan says he still has a "small chance" of competing at Rio 2016 despite breaking his leg in training.
A man has died after the car he was travelling in crashed into a tree in Caithness.
Police are continuing to search for a man who went missing while out for a run in Powys.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho accused West Ham of playing "football from the 19th Century" after his side were held to a goalless draw at Stamford Bridge.
The UN special envoy for Syria has warned that a fragile ceasefire could collapse at any time.
Dywed arweinydd Plaid Cymru yn dilyn cyhoeddiad ar annibyniaeth i'r Alban yn gadael y DU, yn ôl y Farwnes Morgan.
The British and Irish Lions need to "kick on" from their opening two matches of their tour of New Zealand, says George North.
A bomb disposal team was called out after a device was found in Rotherham.
A song written for the England football team that was shelved in the 1970s has been released 30 years after it was recorded.
The Bangladeshi government has sacked the head teacher of a school where he was humiliated for allegedly insulting Islam.
Some of Northern Ireland's environmental organisations have been told their funding is being withdrawn.
If you want to become a Michelin-starred restaurant owner in India, you need to know a thing or two about food.
Equiniti has become the first Scottish company to win a contract from Her Majesty's Passport Office.
The US Coast Guard has widened its search for two teenage boys who went missing after their boat capsized off the coast of Florida.
The Met Office has named the next storm to hit the UK, Abigail.
The Orange Order is "stepping up to the mark" in its response to the Crumlin Road ruling, the organisation's chief executive has said.
Bristol City's redevelopment of Ashton Gate will begin in May, the club has confirmed.
There was a time when by-elections were a speciality of the Liberal Democrats.
Roberto Martinez says he will "treasure" his time as Everton manager "forever".
Newport County have made their first signings of the summer by bringing in midfielder Luke Compton and defender Lee Rigg.
As Wales prepare for Euro 2016, we take a look back at some of the most memorable moments in the country's football history.
Rome's city council has ordered the removal of padlocks attached to a bridge in the Italian capital.
Friends of a British man who was murdered in India have called for a "proper investigation" into his death.
When Garry Ringrose makes his Six Nations debut for Ireland against Italy in Dublin on Saturday, it will be the latest chapter in the story of the man who has been dubbed the next Brian O'Driscoll.
Britney Spears has returned to the stage in the UK for the first time since her Las Vegas residency ended last year.
Shinty leaders Skye were held to a 1-1 draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle on the opening day of the Premiership.
Gawker Media has been ordered to pay $100,000 (Â£75,000) to former reality TV star Hulk Hogan after a video of him having sex was posted online.
SDLP MLA Seamus Mallon has given his backing to Colum Eastwood in the party's leadership contest.
The AirAsia plane crash in Indonesia is the latest in a series of tragedies that have hit the aviation industry.
A Pablo Picasso portrait and a Vincent van Gogh landscape have been sold at auction in New York.
The world's biggest pharmaceutical companies are turning to artificial intelligence (AI) to help them find new drugs.
Wales are out of Euro 2016 after a 2-0 defeat by Portugal in their last-16 tie.
A six-year-old girl died after being pulled from a swimming pool by a hotel guest, an inquest has heard.
A landowner in Pakistan has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a boy by tying him to a donkey and beating him to death, police say.
Nottingham Panthers head coach Corey Neilson says the Elite League play-offs are "the hardest thing to win".
Two mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed after a number of cases of flu were confirmed.
Fifa has asked Real Madrid for information on 51 players under the age of 18.
John Commons says he has no plans to extend his loan spell at Hibernian beyond the end of the season after making his debut for the club on Saturday.
More than half a million motorists have been caught speeding in a Leicestershire village in the past year, according to a campaign group.
French energy group EDF has reported a drop in first-quarter profits to €1.9bn (£1.4bn), down from €2.1bn a year earlier.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he does not want the pressure of being the world's top snooker player any more.
The BBC has signed a new four-year deal to broadcast the Six Nations rugby union championship until 2017.
Steven Gerrard's farewell speech at Liverpool's training ground on Monday night was, in many ways, the perfect encapsulation of what the club will miss when he leaves.
Northern Ireland's justice minister has said he has been assured that the government will honour a promise to provide extra funding for institutions dealing with the past.
Spain's Catalonia region is at the centre of a row over independence from the rest of the country.
A decision on plans to build up to 1,000 homes on a former airfield site in Guildford has been delayed.
Two Londonderry-based water rescue groups have been awarded grants totalling more than £30,000.
Sydney has marked the first anniversary of the siege at the Waverley cafe in which two people were killed.
Avon and Somerset's chief constable has returned to work after being found guilty of misconduct.
The Football Association of England has written to Fifa asking them to allow their players to wear poppies on armbands during their game against Scotland on 11 November.
The search for survivors of a Venezuelan military helicopter that crashed on Thursday is continuing, the country's defence minister has said.
A body found in a wooded area in Wirral has been confirmed as missing woman Stephanie Stevenson.
Keaton Jennings hit his maiden first-class century as Durham were bowled out for 256 by Somerset on day two at Chester-le-Street.
Newcastle United have been banned from keeping any material seized in a tax fraud investigation, a judge has ruled.
Belfast City Council has agreed to write to the secretary of state, MLAs and MPs in a bid to stop cuts to education.
League One side Blackpool have signed former York City and York City left-back Ben Davies on a one-year deal.
A petition calling for a referendum on directly elected mayors to be held in Bath and North East Somerset has received more than 6,000 signatures.
Police in Malaysia say they have found the body of a Brazilian medical officer who was abducted in the capital, Kuala Lumpur.
A murder inquiry has been launched into the deaths of a mother and son who were shot dead at a flat in south-west London.
England's 2-0 win over Japan has sent them into the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup, says head coach Natalie Powell.
Hundreds of people have taken part in the annual Apprentice Boys parade in Londonderry.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves full-back Ben Westwood on loan until the end of the season.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) militant group now has about 10,000 fighters in Iraq and Syria, the CIA has said.
Scientists are hoping to develop a mead which could help prevent food poisoning.
The Northern Ireland Executive is being investigated by the European Commission over its water policy.
Two memorials have been unveiled in Eastbourne and Hailsham to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a World War One soldier.
A doctor who investigated Gulf War Syndrome has been awarded a knighthood in the Queen's Birthday Honours.
League Two side Bury have re-signed former Bournemouth and Portsmouth left-back David Holland on a one-month loan deal.
Polls have closed in the second round of Colombia's presidential election.
Dawn Purvis is to step down as director of the Marie Stopes clinic in Belfast.
England's Jamie Simpson was beaten 4-2 by Egypt's Ahmed al-Khalifa in the second round of the Qatar Open in Doha.
St Johnstone secured their place in the Premiership's top four as a second-half header from Ryan Cummins secured victory at Hamilton Academical.
A man has been charged with murder after a student was found dead in a burning car.
Scottish golfer Richie Ramsay says he has "a lot more in the tank" after finishing in a tie for third at Castle Stuart.
Leinster moved back to the top of the Pro12 with a hard-fought victory over Cardiff Blues.
Nicola Sturgeon has said the UK government's plan to stay in the European customs union after Brexit is "nonsensical and ridiculous".
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he will "get on with" introducing the Night Tube.
NHS Grampian has been told to improve the quality of care for older people in hospital.
Sri Lanka has rejected a UN-led inquiry into alleged war crimes during the civil war with Tamil Tiger rebels.
Paralympic gold medallist Katie Butterfield won Great Britain's first gold medal of the World Para-athletics Championships in London.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said there will be "no veto" for Wales in negotiations over the UK's departure from the EU.
Counterfeit antimalarial drugs are killing up to 1.2 million people a year around the world, a study suggests.
At least three people have died in Japan after choking on mochi rice cakes.
Teachers at an academy in Bristol are taking part in a second strike in less than a month.
Two US states, the District of Columbia and Maryland, have filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump, accusing him of accepting payments from foreign governments.
A police training centre has been paid for by a £30,000 donation from the proceeds of crime fund.
Two Telford schools run by the same trust have been placed in special measures by Ofsted.
A woman has admitted kidnapping her four-month-old son in Shropshire.
Rangers have signed Lithuanian midfielder Tomas Zaliukas on a two-year deal.
The prime minister has revealed her Christmas plans, which include watching Doctor Who and Agatha Christie.
Australia is set to become the first country to export live cattle to China.
Police searching for a missing airman have released CCTV images of three teenagers they want to speak to.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been banned for three games after being sent off for elbowing.
Dinamo Bucharest will put the Romanian Cup on Patrick Ekeng's grave if they beat CFR Cluj in the final, the club has said.
The first day of the corruption trial of disgraced Chinese politician Bo Xilai has been largely ignored by the mainland media.
An 86-year-old man who has Parkinson's disease has said he will not be able to walk to his local church without help.
The States of Guernsey spent more than £1.1m on public relations in the past year, according to new figures.
Bryony Gormley has become the first British woman to win an Olympic trampolining medal.
Welsh Labour leadership contender Owen Smith has said he would have voted for the Iraq invasion had he been in parliament.
A former Catholic priest is to stand trial accused of abusing boys at Inverness High School.
The Pakistani schoolgirl who was shot in the head by the Taliban is to open a library in Birmingham.
A senior Russian official has been arrested on suspicion of defrauding the government out of millions of dollars by dismantling and selling a road.
The UN Security Council has approved the deployment of more than 200 UN police officers to Burundi to prevent a repeat of recent violence.
A man has been jailed for causing the death of a police community support officer by dangerous driving in Monmouthshire.
Jack Marriott scored the only goal of the game as Luton beat Leyton Orient at Kenilworth Road.
Olympic gold medallist Elinor Barker says British Cycling should be given more credit for her success at the Track Cycling World Championships.
Japanese car giant Toyota is to help fund the development of the world's smallest flying car.
A 92-year-old woman facing deportation from the UK could take her case to the European Court of Human rights, her lawyer has said.
The prime minister has said the police service in Northern Ireland is "properly resourced".
Super League player Chris Tickle is in a stable condition in hospital after being assaulted at a nightclub in Greater Manchester.
A Gloucestershire company has been fined £50,000 after a worker was crushed to death by a telehandler.
Algeria midfielder Abdelhamid Mbolhi has joined Turkish Super Lig side Galatasaray for an undisclosed fee.
Plans to sell a former Ceredigion primary school site have been put on hold in a bid to buy it.
Millwall missed the chance to go top of League One as they were held to a goalless draw by Colchester.
Tranmere Rovers boss Gary Hodges says his side have "underachieved by a country mile" after being relegated from the National League.
A former Le Mans racer has been fined for obstructing traffic when it was placed on Kensington Mews by a photographer.
In Tanzania, trainee doctor Marko Hingi is training boda boda drivers to be first-responders in emergencies.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher, with housebuilders leading the way.
Men are more likely to get a pay rise when they ask for it than women, according to a study of workplace relations in Australia.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with an assault on a train in Moray.
More than 100 soldiers have been contacted by police investigating the Bloody Sunday killings.
Mae'r Weinyddiaeth Amddiffyn wedi gwahardd ymarferion tanio nes eu bod yn gwybod achos y digwyddiad ar faes Castell Martin ddydd Mercher.
A Sri Lankan court has sentenced a close ally of former President Mahinda Rajapaksa to life in prison for murder.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed former Fulham and Luton Town defender David Lawless on a one-year deal.
The future of one of Wales' biggest visitor attractions has been given a boost after it was told it would lose its core Welsh Government funding.
A teenager has been arrested after jumping from a plane at San Francisco International Airport and scaling a wing.
Police investigating the death of a London woman whose remains were found in Edinburgh have appealed for anyone with information to come forward.
Nine people, including five children, have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to cross the border into Syria.
Italian rider Franck Petricola has died in a crash during practice at the Isle of Man TT.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts.
In our series of letters from African women, film-maker and columnist Geeta Pandey looks at a campaign in India against sexism.
A holidaymaker died after suffering an anaphylactic shock while eating sorbet at a hotel on the Greek island of Rhodes, an inquest heard.
A 20-year-old man has been jailed for five years for indecently assaulting a 14- year-old girl.
The number of people out of work in Scotland has risen for the second quarter in a row, according to official figures.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce says Robert Snodgrass will be out for six months with a knee injury.
Formula 1 is home to some of the most famous names in motorsport, from Lewis Hamilton to Lewis Hamilton.
Police are appealing for information after a woman was raped in Dundee.
Fabio Aru won stage two of the Vuelta a Espana as Vincenzo Nibali was disqualified for dangerous driving.
Svetlana Vondrousova beat Johanna Kontaveit in straight sets to win her first WTA title.
A seven-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car.
The number of people dying from heart disease in Scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past decade.
A woman has died after being hit by a car in Greater Manchester.
Former Doctor Who stars David Tennant and Piers Piper are to return for the show's 50th anniversary special.
Two rockets have been fired from Egypt at the southern Israeli city of Eilat, Israeli police say.
It's been 50 years since the first book about Australia was published.
It is 20 years since the start of the first Gulf War.
Protesters and police have clashed in the Irish capital, Dublin.
Wales hooker James Hook will return to Ospreys from Gloucester at the end of the season.
Chloe Grace Moretz has spoken out for the first time about being fat-shamed on set.
Plans for a biomass power plant and student accommodation in Norwich have been criticised by campaigners.
World number one Andy Murray says he is "not nervous" about getting married and is already looking forward to starting a family.
ITV has announced the cast of Broadchurch will return for its final series.
Dumfries and Galloway was celebrating a momentous occasion in the history of the town.
The chief executive of an NHS trust criticised for poor patient care has resigned.
A new set of traffic lights are to be installed at a busy junction following an increase in injuries.
Boris Nemtsov began work on a report last year accusing Russia of waging war in Ukraine for his own ends, the BBC has learned.
Prisoners at HMP Dumfries in West Lothian have their own rooms.
John Duddy ran a fish and chip shop in Londonderry for more than 40 years.
Cigarette and tobacco with an estimated street value of more than Â£200,000 have been seized in Skegness.
Edinburgh's Hogmanay celebrations have marked the 70th anniversary of the city's becoming a world-leading festival city.
Up to 32,000 people will be evacuated from their homes in the German city of Augsburg on Sunday after an unexploded World War Two bomb was found.
One of the largest groups of land-based vertebrates, which includes crocodiles and turtles, has never had a live birth.
The number of GPs working in Wales has risen for the first time in five years, according to the latest figures.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at what happens when politicians make promises.
The crew of a speedboat which crashed in Portsmouth were not wearing seatbelt harnesses or helmets, a report has found.
An inquest into the deaths of a father and son who died in a plane crash in France has heard the pilot may have made a wrong turn.
Former Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said the UK's policy in Syria was wrong from the start.
British physicist Stephen Hawking is to deliver this year's BBC Reith Lecture on black holes.
More than 1,000 schools and academy trusts in England are in debt, the Department for Education has said.
Thousands of airport workers in Chile have gone on strike for the second time this year in a dispute over pensions.
Police in Denmark say they believe a submarine on which a Swedish journalist was on a trip may have been deliberately sunk.
Citizens Advice is calling for a mandatory time limit for energy suppliers to back-bill customers for energy used more than 12 months ago.
Up to 900 headstones were removed from a Glasgow cemetery where a boy was killed by a gravestone, a fatal accident inquiry has heard.
The Secret Intelligence Service (MI6) is taking on the James Bond image on the silver screen, as part of a drive to recruit more women and ethnic minorities.
Dixons Carphone, the owner of Carphone Warehouse, Currys and PC World, has reported a rise in annual profits, despite the UK voting to leave the European Union.
Former New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has signed a one-year contract extension with Middlesex.
China's Baosteel, the world's second-largest steelmaker, has agreed to merge with another state-owned firm.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been praised for his team's performance in Saturday's FA Cup final win over Aston Villa at Wembley.
In 1947, India was split into two new countries called Pakistan and Bangladesh.
The former chairman of the Independent Monitoring Commission (IMC), Lord Alderdice, has said it would be "unwise" for a new body to be set up.
Zesco United of Zambia came from behind to draw 2-2 with Egyptian giants Al Ahly in their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in Alexandria.
Ed Sheeran has announced he is taking a break from social media.
A boy with severe brain injuries who was left brain-damaged after being treated by two GPs and a paramedic has been awarded £2.3m.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he accepts responsibility for his side's 3-1 Europa League final defeat by Sevilla.
Hundreds of students in the eastern Indian state of Bihar have been caught cheating in school examinations, officials say.
James Pattinson took five wickets as Australia beat West Indies by an innings and 95 runs in the first Test in Sydney.
Three scientists in Japan, China and the US have been working together for more than 30 years to develop new drugs to tackle malaria, onchocerciasis and lymphatic filariasis.
German industrial giants Siemens and Mitsubishi have increased their offer for French engineering firm Alstom.
Hampshire batsman Michael Carberry has made his first appearance of the season after recovering from cancer treatment.
A council boss has been ordered to pay £190,000 in damages to a blogger he sued for defamation.
Rising Star won the Grand National at Aintree for the first time.
Bolton Wanderers and Birmingham City played out a goalless draw at the Madejski Stadium.
England's preparations for Euro 2016 suffered a setback as they were beaten by the Netherlands at Wembley.
Scunthorpe United chairman Barry Swann has urged fans not to panic despite their recent poor form.
Italy and Northern Ireland have a long history of playing each other in football, and the rivalry continues to this day.
Two men have been injured in a two-vehicle crash in Powys.
Libya will not host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations because of the ongoing civil war in the country.
Thousands of people lined the streets of Leeds to watch the men's and women's half marathon.
Lily James says she was inspired by films like The Terminator and Angelina Jolie when preparing for the role of Elizabeth Bennet in Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Ciara Mageean has been left out of the Northern Ireland team for the European Team Championships.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes praised his side's second-half performance in their 1-1 draw with Dundee.
EastEnders has been spared any damage after a fire broke out during rehearsals to mark the soap's 30th anniversary.
India may have won just one medal at the London Paralympics, but the media seems to have missed a chance to tell the story of disabled athletes in detail.
A social worker who viewed pornography while working for Essex County Council has been struck off.
Jose Mourinho has returned to Chelsea as manager for a second time after being sacked by the club on Tuesday.
A 23-year-old man has appeared in court charged in connection with the death of Karl Haugh in Kilkee, County Limerick.
Sunderland winger Adam Johnson has left the club.
A man from North Lanarkshire has been jailed for six months after being found guilty of tax fraud.
The chief executive of Barnet Council has resigned after voters were turned away from polling stations on election day.
A West Midlands baker has created a giant Land Rover cake to celebrate the car's two millionth production run.
The Liberal Democrats have apologised to an estate agent after their general election campaign website had the same name as his firm.
Barcelona has agreed to pay a €5.5m (£4.9m) fine over the signing of Brazilian forward Neymar in 2013.
Two US senators with long-standing pro-gun views have called for a ban on assault weapons in the wake of the Newtown school shooting.
Shale gas extraction in the UK can be safely managed, according to a report commissioned by the government.
The Statue of Liberty in New York City was evacuated after reports of a suspicious package.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Brian Cowen has apologised for his " hoarseness" in an interview on Tuesday.
Dundee United have signed striker Chris Herd on a two-year deal and striker Frank Nouble on a one-year contract.
Tottenham Hotspur and the Football Association are "a long way" from agreeing a deal to play home games at Wembley, says chairman Greg Dyke.
Coconuts are used in everything from food and drink to beauty treatments and traditional medicine.
UK industrial production has fallen into recession, according to the latest figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights has called for an investigation into the killing of five civilians in the Turkish city of Cizre.
The final instalment of the BBC Money Advice Service's 2016 New Year's resolutions is out.
Families of the Birmingham Six who were killed on Bloody Sunday will not be able to claim legal aid, the government has said.
Australia will not offer Richie Benaud a state funeral following his death, Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said.
The US has sent 275 military personnel to Iraq, the White House says.
The body of a man has been found off the coast of St Fergus in the Moray Firth.
UK house prices rose by more than expected in the three months to December, according to the UK's biggest mortgage lender, Nationwide.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Australia's Nick Kyrgios in straight sets to reach the Australian Open semi-finals.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Christie has called for a change in the rules of Scottish football.
A man has been found dead after a fire broke out at a house in south-east London.
An 18-year-old man has been remanded in custody in the southern Indian city of Bangalore after allegedly shooting dead a student and wounding another.
Coldplay have marked the end of the London 2012 Festival with a live bandstand marathon.
I have been out and about, travelling, and watching other travellers recently.
Iran is committed to giving up the prospect of nuclear weapons, French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said.
MSPs have accused a health board of having a "culture of complacency" over its finances.
A woman has died after the car she was travelling in was hit by a train in northern France.
The first of the missing Chibok schoolgirls to be found alive in the north-east of Nigeria has been reunited with her family.
The Football Association of Northern Ireland (IFA) has set up a portal for fans who missed out on tickets for Euro 2016.
The Great Britain team for the 2016 Olympics in Rio has been announced, with 50 Scots among the squad.
BBC Persian staff have been subjected to "increased levels of intimidation" from the Iranian authorities, the BBC's director in Iran has said.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has urged the UK government to take urgent action to resettle more unaccompanied child refugees in the UK.
Mali's government has asked parliament for military support to protect an endangered elephant species from poachers.
Welsh Prime Minister Carwyn Jones is to attend the final parade of The Royal Welsh at Cardiff Arms Park.
Anastasia Deyeva, the Ukrainian government's youngest ever adviser, says she has been subjected to "vile attacks" after nude photos of her were posted online.
Prisoners with mental health problems were put on a waiting list because there was no service to meet their needs, a former mental health nurse has claimed.
John McGinn says Hibernian are determined to "work as hard as they can" to get back to winning ways in the Championship.
There has been a steady stream of revelations about undercover police officers who infiltrated protest groups later accused of criminality.
Telefonica and Hutchison Whampoa have said they will take legal action against Ofcom over its plans to auction 4G spectrum.
Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto's Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is on course to win the general election, electoral officials say.
Manchester United have been linked with a move for Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
The first Caledonian MacBrayne (CalMac) hybrid ferry has been launched at the Ferguson Marine shipyard in Inverness.
For many students, A-level results can be the biggest day of their lives.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on the last trading day of 2015, with energy stocks among the biggest fallers.
Former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith has said David Cameron will have to stand down at some point in the next Parliament.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo reflects on 2013.
The head of Saudi Arabia's religious police, Sheikh Abdulaziz al-Obeikan, has been sacked.
Tesco has agreed to sell its US food chain Fresh & Easy to Yucaipa for an undisclosed sum.
An Australian health official has been appointed as the new chief executive of Wales' largest health board.
Former Rangers and Northern Ireland midfielder Dean Shiels has joined Major League Soccer side FC Edmonton.
Rihanna has teamed up with Kanye West and Sir Paul McCartney on a new track called Four Five Seconds.
The chief of police in the US city of Baltimore has been removed from his post because of the city's high crime rate.
The number of prescriptions for the acne drug Roaccutane has more than doubled in the past three years, NHS figures show.
The Peruvian army says it has captured two members of the Shining Path rebel group.
Organisers of the CarFest festival have said the event will go ahead despite the death of a pilot in a plane crash.
Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a US drone strike, Afghan officials say.
US President Donald Trump is set to announce his decision on the war in Afghanistan on Tuesday.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday, boosted by positive economic data from the US and Japan.
Ricky Burns' victory over Michele Di Rocco on Saturday night was the culmination of a remarkable year.
Myanmar's military says it has found no evidence to support a United Nations report accusing it of crimes against humanity against the country's Rohingya Muslim minority.
Crime victims' rights are being ignored in England and Wales, the victims' commissioner has said.
An Australian author was taken by surprise when she received an email telling her she had won a prestigious US literary award.
A 102-year-old German doctor has won back the doctorate she was denied by the Nazis in the 1930s.
Stoke City have signed midfielder Steve Sidwell from Fulham for an undisclosed fee.
A 25-year-old woman has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a crash in Fife.
The number of homes repossessed in England and Wales fell by 5% in the second quarter of the year, figures show.
The Labour Party has held the Bridgend West seat since the 2015 general election.
Byron Rhodes, the leader of Leicestershire City Council, says the local authority would be partying every day if it had the same funding as Surrey.
Worcestershire batsman Daryl Mitchell has been elected as the new chairman of the Professional Cricketers' Association.
One of the UK's largest tour operators is to stop offering trips to traditional zoos.
Lionel Richie is to headline a series of concerts in Las Vegas next year.
A wildlife charity has called for a ban on fishing at a country park in East Sussex after an increase in the number of injured birds.
The British and Irish Lions have drawn the three-Test series against New Zealand.
Vigilante groups targeting paedophiles should be banned, Kent Police has said.
Swansea City boss Paul Clement says his side must "respond quickly" after their 2-0 defeat by Bournemouth.
Firefighters are continuing to tackle a blaze at a recycling plant in Bridgend county.
Highland Council is to carry out repairs to public toilets in Uig and Skye after complaints about people urinating and defecating outdoors.
Mae dyn wedi dweud ei bod o dan ei char nes i gŵn ei ffrind yn Aberystwyth.
Cardiff Devils forward Joey Haddad has signed a one-year contract extension with the Elite League champions.
Moeen Ali scored his second Test half-century to help England take control of the final Test against West Indies.
An inquiry into phone hacking at the News of the World has found that Rupert Murdoch was "not fit" to run his media empire.
The parents of a couple who died of cancer within days of each other have spoken of their "horrifying" loss.
Hundreds of thousands of Southern rail passengers are facing further disruption as a strike into the new year continues.
Mae'r Heddlu'r Gogledd wedi cael eu gweld ers dydd Mawrth 17 Ionawr.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man in Edinburgh has been discharged.
A trial in Sweden that saw nurses working six-hour days for 18 months has been hailed as a success and has sparked a debate about work-life balance in the Nordic country.
Petrochemical firm Ineos has said it is "one step closer" to restarting the KG ethylene cracker in Grangemouth.
League One strugglers Braintree Town have signed Crystal Palace defender Jordan Houghton on loan until the end of the season.
The family of a baby from Bristol who has a rare form of meningitis have said they want to raise money for her care.
Hearts have signed former Manchester United left-back Joe Eckersley on a two-year deal.
The operator of Japan's crippled Fukushima nuclear plant says it will need up to nine months to bring the plant to ''cold shutdown''.
Liberty House, the UK recycling firm, is to submit a bid for Tata Steel's UK operations, the BBC has learned.
The Vatican has not responded to the French government's nomination of a gay diplomat as its new ambassador to the Holy See.
Rangers beat Celtic 3-2 on penalties to set up a Scottish Cup final against Celtic at Hampden on Saturday.
A man and woman have appeared in court charged with the murder of a toddler.
The daughter of US actor Paul Walker is suing Porsche over the death of her father in a car crash.
Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto has promised to help artisans whose stalls were destroyed in explosions at a fireworks market on Tuesday.
Scientists say they may have found a way to make a universal flu vaccine.
The state of readiness of inquests into the deaths of more than 100 people in Northern Ireland has been assessed as part of a review.
More than 3,000 people were killed when a tsunami hit the Indian Ocean off the coast of Sri Lanka on 26 March 2004.
The work and pensions secretary, Iain Duncan Smith, has said he remains "resolved" on the government's plan to ban EU migrants from claiming some benefits.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice has received rave reviews from fans and critics at its world premiere.
The "inhumane" conditions of a prison are putting the safety of staff and prisoners at risk, a watchdog has said.
US President Donald Trump has appointed his daughter Ivanka as a White House adviser.
A village pub in Somerset has been bought by a group of villagers who raised more than £300,000 to buy it.
A coalition of US civil rights groups has called on Facebook to improve the way it deals with racist content.
The debate about the M4 Black Route in south east Wales has been dominated by the question of whether it would be better or worse for the Welsh economy.
Cyclist Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain team for the UEC European Road Championships.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill was pleased with his side's performance in their 2-2 draw with the Netherlands in Dublin on Saturday.
Chelsea Ladies kept up the pressure on Women's Super League One leaders Manchester City by thrashing Liverpool Ladies.
Turkey's parliament is set to approve new powers for the police, which critics say could be used to crack down on dissent.
A campaign has been launched to save the home of Dylan Thomas in London's Hotel Chelsea.
In the shadow of New York's landmark Supreme Court, on a hill overlooking the Hudson River, the New York Red Bulls play in the Major League Soccer (MLS) league.
Lego was at the centre of a row last week when it said it would not sell artwork by Chinese artist Ai Weiwei.
Police in Italy have arrested more than 50 people in an investigation into suspected match-fixing in the country's lower leagues.
Dementia patients in care homes in Wales are being "chemically coshed", the health commissioner for Wales has said.
As Northern Ireland marks the end of 2013, BBC News NI looks back at some of the key events of the year.
Birmingham City midfielder Callum Cooper has joined Swindon Town on loan until the end of the season.
Highland Council has said it is committed to providing appropriate access to technology for learning purposes in schools.
Police searching for a Denbighshire woman who has been missing for more than a week have carried out house to house inquiries.
The use of force by prison staff at a jail has increased, a report has found.
Russia says its forces have retaken key areas around the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra from so-called Islamic State (IS).
A man accused of killing eight people in the US city of Phoenix has been charged with 26 additional felonies, police say.
Iran's Foreign Minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif, has defended his country's participation in talks in Vienna aimed at ending the war in Syria.
Children with a peanut allergy may be able to tolerate peanuts for the first time after a six-month trial, say researchers.
Home Secretary Theresa May and Education Secretary Michael Gove have clashed over how to tackle extremism.
The mead of the past was often sweet, and didn't appeal to many drinkers who were just looking for something to pair with food.
The Winchburgh railway tunnel is to be closed for six weeks as part of a major upgrade.
The wife of a man killed in the Tunisia terror attack has said she hopes his legacy will bring about "peace".
The body of a man has been found in a harbour in Dumfries and Galloway.
Labour and the Conservatives will create a "shambles" if they try to form a minority government after May's election, Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has warned.
A nature reserve in Cambridgeshire has reopened after a £1m revamp.
Tottenham midfielder Moussa Sissoko has been banned for four games for an elbow to the face of Stoke's Harry Arter.
The way Northern Ireland's parliament is run has been heavily criticised in recent years.
A World War One museum in Dorset has been awarded £500,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Celtic's Moussa Dembele says he is happy at the club despite speculation linking him with a move to Chelsea.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon praised his side's "brave" performance in their Premiership win at Ibrox.
An investigation into the murders of three women by serial killer Peter Tobin is to be scaled back.
Nottinghamshire batsman Billy Root hit an unbeaten 109 to help his side beat Warwickshire in the One-Day Cup at Trent Bridge.
The Muslim Council of Wales has said it is "appalled" after a teacher from a Neath Port Talbot school was barred from boarding a flight to the US.
Two brothers have appeared in court accused of funding their brother's fight for so-called Islamic State.
Introducing a single percentage of affordable housing across Northern Ireland will not work given current market conditions, a report has concluded.
RB Leipzig came from behind to beat 10-man Hoffenheim and go second in the Bundesliga.
A man has been rescued by an RAF helicopter after getting stuck on a mountain in Snowdonia.
Matt Halkett's late header gave Livingston victory over Rangers at Ibrox.
Lionel Messi and Arda Turan are among the football stars who have donated shirts to a charity in memory of a player who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run crash.
A man has been left "absolutely traumatised" after being attacked and robbed at a bus stop in South Lanarkshire.
Josh Parkin scored a late winner as Forest Green came from behind to beat 10-man Cheltenham and move level on points with National League leaders Tranmere.
Anthony Watson has been named in the England squad for the summer tour of Italy.
South Africa beat Ireland by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Johannesburg to level the three-match series at 1-1.
Flooding in Southend has forced the closure of several amusement arcades, a restaurant and a sea life centre.
"I have always wanted to be a beauty queen," says Jennifer Seifert, who won the national Miss Earth title in the Philippines in 2009.
Ebbsfleet twice came from behind to secure a 2-2 draw at Guiseley in the National League.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said his country will maintain all military alliances because "they" need it for their defence.
There is "every likelihood" AMs will get a vote on the triggering of Article 50, Wales' top law officer has said.
Robert Snodgrass scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Southampton and end a run of seven straight Premier League defeats.
Boaty McBoatface has been suggested as the name of a new polar research ship.
Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe from Sunderland for an undisclosed fee.
A strategic review of London's security services has been announced by the mayor of London.
A hand-written note from a British general announcing the end of World War Two has been sold at auction for £7,000.
John Whittingdale has been appointed as the new culture secretary.
A British holidaymaker has gone missing off the coast of Bulgaria.
Actress Jane Fonda has become the first woman to receive the American Film Institute's lifetime achievement award.
There is a "significant gap" between the number of people who need help and therapy as a result of sexual abuse, the NSPCC has said.
Oldham Athletic midfielder Cristian Montano has been sacked following an investigation into allegations of match-fixing.
A team of scientists at the University of Nottingham has put the world's first cloned sheep through a series of rigorous tests to see if they are healthy.
Nigel Farage has said he expects the UK to hold a referendum on EU membership in 2016.
For much of the 20th Century, the United States was the world's dominant power.
Parma have failed to find a buyer for the Italian club, which has debts of more than 75m euros (£54m).
Three cabinet ministers in Haiti have resigned after President Michel Martelly was accused of insulting a woman at a campaign rally.
Olly Murs and Caroline Flack have been announced as the new co-hosts of The X Factor.
The mother of a man who died after being hit by a car on a dual carriageway has launched a petition calling for changes to the road.
Part of the railway line between Sheffield and Doncaster has reopened following a fire at a factory in the city.
A 24-year-old British backpacker has been found dead after falling from a moving train in Thailand.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says his side's recent late goals are a "concern".
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says midfielder Samir Nasri arrived at the club "a little bit overweight".
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol to move level on points with La Liga leaders Barcelona.
Nana Akufo-Addo has won Ghana's presidential election.
Security forces in Zimbabwe have used tear gas and water cannon to break up a protest in the capital, Harare.
Chelsea won the Premier League for the first time in their history on Sunday, beating their rivals Manchester City by eight points.
At least five people have been killed and more than 20 injured in an explosion in southern Spain, local media report.
The trial of a man accused of passing horsemeat off as beef has begun at the Old Bailey.
India's biometric identity database will be the largest in the world, capable of verifying the identity of more than a billion people.
Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and web searches on Google can be swept up by the UK's intelligence agency GCHQ, it has been revealed.
Welshman Elfyn Evans finished second in the first round of the World Rally Championship (WRC) in Sweden, behind team-mate Sebastien Ogier.
Rebel forces in Syria have walked out of talks aimed at setting up safe zones in the war-torn country.
A bubble tea chain at the centre of a row over pay for trainees has said it will now pay at least the minimum wage.
Exeter Chiefs returned to the top of the Premiership with a bonus-point win over Wasps.
A jury in the US state of Utah has declared a mistrial in the trial of a man who was shot and killed while threatening a witness.
The only Welsh MP to back Yvette Cooper in the race to be Labour's next leader has said the party must be "in the business of bringing change".
The "polarisation" of the Brexit debate is exacerbating tensions in the UK, a leading human rights body has warned.
Mudlarking is a new form of treasure-hunting that has taken off in London.
The number of people with mental health problems going to accident and emergency units in England has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Liverpool City Council has voted in favour of banning The Sun from all newsagents in the city.
A man has been jailed for killing a three-year-old girl who was hit by his car.
Restrictions on bus services in Bristol are to be reviewed, the competition watchdog has said.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said the Brussels and Paris terror attacks have made it "more important than ever" to believe in the power of hope.
A US warship has been hit by two missiles fired from Yemen, the US military says.
New rules on disability benefits have come into force, setting out how the money will be spent.
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he is still looking to strengthen his squad.
Mark Molesley scored the only goal of the game as League Two Aldershot beat League Two Portsmouth in the FA Cup third round.
An album containing the signatures of RAF airmen who took part in the Dambusters raid in Germany in World War Two has sold for £1,000 at auction.
The head of the Welsh Government's bovine tuberculosis (TB) eradication programme has said she has never been more focused on the issue.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the phone-hacking scandal at the News of the World.
The Church in Wales has accused Cyngor Gwynedd of "intentionally destabilising the partnership" over plans for a new school campus.
TP Mazembe of the Democratic Republic of Congo beat Algerian side Bejaia of Algeria 3-1 in Lubumbashi on Sunday to win the 2017 African Confederation Cup.
A rights group has accused the Malian army of summary executions of ethnic Arabs and Tuaregs in the west of the country.
Women's Super League One side Liverpool Ladies have signed Notts County Ladies midfielder Jess Greenwood for an undisclosed fee.
Great Britain's men were held to a 1-1 draw by Australia in their opening match at the Champions Trophy.
Cardiff Blues survived a late fightback to beat Newport Gwent Dragons and reach the Pro12 semi-finals.
Myanmar's President Thein Sein has pledged to continue the country's progress towards democracy.
Jewellery worth more than £50,000 has been stolen from a shop in Lincolnshire.
A doctor who admitted falsifying clinical trials has been struck off the medical register.
Martin Guptill and Kane Williamson hit half-centuries as New Zealand beat Pakistan by eight wickets to set up a decider in the one-day series.
A 19th Century windmill in Hampshire has been restored to working condition.
Tata Steel is to cut hundreds of jobs at its Newport plant after mothballing parts of the plant.
Britain's Sarah Cave has won the Ironman World Championship in Hawaii.
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair has spoken for the first time about his involvement in World War Two.
League Two side Colchester United have signed striker Luke Guthrie following their promotion to the Championship last season.
Britain's Kell Brook says beating Gennady Golovkin would make him the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world.
Mercedes dominated first practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Darryl Field has set the fastest time of the week in the first practice session at the Manx Grand Prix.
MPs have called on the Pensions Regulator to explain why plans to boost the BHS pension scheme were not approved.
A bullet found in the body of a man who was killed by paratroopers during the Troubles in 1971 has been exhumed.
Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points after a 1-1 draw at Arsenal.
Richard Hammond says he will be "back in action soon" after undergoing knee surgery following a crash while filming for The Grand Tour in Germany.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union by a narrow margin of 48.1% to 51.9%.
The convener of the Scottish Crofting Commission has said he has no intention of resign over a dispute with crofters.
A man has been jailed for six years for the manslaughter of a worker who fell to his death from a warehouse roof.
Thunderbirds creator Gerry Anderson has revealed he has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
More than 100,000 relatives of mothers who give up work to look after their children could get extra National Insurance (NI) credits, a pensions expert has said.
Work has started on the first phase of a £700,000 marine park on the Dorset coast.
Airlines in Nigeria have said they will stop flying to the country due to a lack of foreign currency.
Aston Villa have signed Poland striker Lukasz Kozak for an undisclosed fee from Legia Warsaw.
A new law banning the display of cigarettes and other tobacco products in shops has come into force in Wales.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Burnley boss Sean Dyche is one of the best managers in the Premier League.
North Korea has test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), the US military says.
Scotland captain Chris Martin believes Saturday's Euro 2016 warm-up match against the French in Metz will be a "step-up" in intensity.
An Australian judge has rejected an appeal by US anti-abortion campaigner Troy Newman.
Jon Stewart, the host of Comedy Central's The Daily Show, has died at the age of 61.
David Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Denbighshire County Council.
England wicketkeeper-batsman Jos Buttler has signed a new three-year contract with Lancashire.
The BBC Proms is to pay tribute to Star Wars composer John Williams at a concert in Hull.
The SNP won 56 out of Scotland's 59 council seats in last week's local elections, according to official results.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Mosul must do everything they can to protect civilians, the UN says.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for strong winds across south and mid Wales on Monday.
Flexible rubber skins that can sense pressure have been developed by scientists in the US.
A review of school provision in the Scottish Borders is set to be approved by the local authority.
Mohamed El Bakhtaoui scored twice as Partick Thistle beat Ayr United to move into second place in the Scottish Championship.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car.
Paul St Aubyn has won the 2014 Wodehouse Prize for his satirical satire on the Booker Prize.
The BBC will show live coverage of England's opening World Cup group game against New Zealand at Twickenham on 14 November.
The US state of California used more water in July than it did in the same period last year, official figures show.
A lion that escaped from a South African national park for the second time last year has been rehomed.
A mosque in the US state of Florida has been moved from a polling station after complaints from people who said they did not want to vote in a mosque.
Universities and colleges across the UK are set to go on strike on Thursday in a dispute over pay.
China has arrested several people for spreading "seditious rumours" about the stock market and the deadly Tianjin explosions, state news agency Xinhua says.
The world's oceans are becoming more acidic than at any time in the geological record, according to a new report.
Nick Cave's son fell to his death from a cliff in Brighton after taking LSD, an inquest has heard.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union could have "consequences" for global financial conditions, the head of the US central bank has said.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead in the Tour de France with victory in the 13th stage.
A fatal accident inquiry into the Glasgow bin lorry crash has heard there was a "major discrepancy" in the accounts of two bus drivers who fainted.
Germany's justice minister has accused Turkey's president of comparing his country to Nazi Germany.
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Adlene Guedioura on loan until the end of the season.
Scotland scrum-half Alex Fife is one of seven players to be released by Edinburgh.
At least 20 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in the southern Yemeni city of Aden, officials say.
The BBC has signed a three-year deal to broadcast live coverage of the Diamond League meetings from 2017 to 2020.
A record number of women have been elected to Iran's parliament, the president has said.
An 11-year-old boy has become the youngest winner of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in the US.
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new one-year deal with the League One club.
Pupils are posting "vile" insults about teachers on social media, a teachers' union has warned.
A 10-year-old Canadian boy has been praised for saving the lives of his mother and sister in a house fire.
Swindon Town have made an approach for Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald, BBC Scotland understands.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash at the Andreas Grand Prix in Derbyshire.
Russia has "categorically denied" allegations that it was involved in hacking during the US presidential election.
The board of American Apparel has filed court papers accusing former chief executive Dov Charney of sexual harassment and racial discrimination.
Hundreds of people have attended a memorial for a teenager who died while doing rooftop running in Paris.
At least 10 people have been killed and more than 1,000 injured in an earthquake in China's Gansu province, state media report.
Reading booked their place in the Championship play-off semi-finals with victory at Burton Albion.
A rising proportion of homeless people in Scotland come from the private rented sector, according to Shelter Scotland.
Belfast boxer Katie Taylor is in talks with promoter Eddie Hearn over a world title shot.
Amsterdam has become the latest city in the world to adopt an innovative approach to tackling alcohol-related violence.
In our series of letters from technology journalists, Google's artificial intelligence (AI) boss Sundar Pichai looks at why it's taken so long to get to this point.
Norwich City midfielder Callum Maddison has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club.
Germany's Thomas Jung became the first rider to win the Grand Slam of eventing at Badminton with victory on La Biosthetique.
As Taiwan marks its one-year anniversary of independence from the United States, the BBC's John Sudworth in the island's capital, Taipei, meets some of the people who believe the island is still part of China.
Protesters have clashed with police during a demonstration over the death of a man who was stopped by officers.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the Zika virus a global public health emergency.
Prime Minister David Cameron is to host an anti-corruption summit in London later.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle's poor start to the season continued as they were thrashed by 10-man St Johnstone.
The number of babies being breastfed in England has risen by more than a third in the past 25 years, official figures show.
The BBC's adaptation of War and Peace has beaten ITV's Endeavour and Channel 4's Deutschland 83 in the ratings.
Gareth Bale's absence from Wales' Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia will not affect the team, says captain Chris Gunter.
A Czech hiker who went missing in New Zealand for more than a month has said her partner died while trying to rescue her.
The disputed territory of Western Sahara is one of Africa's most sparsely populated areas.
Northern Ireland's Joe Donnelly is through to the quarter-finals of the bantamweight boxing at the Olympic Games after a narrow win in Rio on Thursday.
A three-year-old boy has died after becoming stuck between a revolving floor and a wall at a restaurant in the US city of Atlanta.
Italy's prime minister has urged the European Union to do more to deal with the migrant crisis, after three northern regions said they would not take any more.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Andrei Andreyev, has apologised for suggesting that Poland was partly responsible for the start of World War Two.
The French cartoonist Charb, who was killed in the Charlie Hebdo attack, has written a book criticising "Islamophobia".
The Environment Agency has carried out its biggest ever flood training exercise in the Calderdale area.
The world's largest concrete slab has been lifted into place in Hong Kong.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed in a classroom in Bradford.
Photographs of some of the UK's most famous council tower blocks are to be made available online.
Scottish judo star Stephanie Doherty has spoken for the first time since being seriously injured in Thailand.
The UK's Brexit secretary has told BBC Scotland it is "hard to see how a separate immigration policy would work" in the event of Scotland leaving the EU.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) is using code to hide the origins of malware, according to information released by Wikileaks.
A collection of rare pages from the Koran has gone on display at Leeds City Museum.
Daniel O'Shaughnessy's stoppage-time equaliser rescued a point for Cheltenham at Mansfield.
Britain's Andy Murray came from a set down to beat Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas and reach the semi-finals of the Barcelona Open.
A councillor has called on the owner of the grounded drilling rig Deepwater Horizon to consider using local facilities and engineering expertise to repair it.
Craig Gordon says he is determined to keep his place in Liverpool's starting line-up after making his first start of the season against Manchester City.
Kieron Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton thrashed North Ferriby in the National League.
The number of people killed in a landslide in the Colombian province of Antioquia has risen to more than 100, officials say.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Joe Ormsby on loan until the end of the season.
All pictures are subject to copyright and are copyrighted.
The final section of the Crossrail high-speed rail line has been bored.
A man has been charged in connection with the murder of Jean McConville.
Ulster's Jared Payne is a doubt for Ireland's Six Nations game against England on Saturday.
The UK Foreign Office has said it is "extremely difficult" to confirm the whereabouts of a British jihadist who has been killed in Iraq.
Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen will miss the rest of the season with an ankle injury, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
First Minister Arlene Foster has said there are "huge opportunities" in Northern Ireland after the UK leaves the European Union.
Sports Direct founder Mike Ashley has replaced Dave Forsey as chief executive of the company.
Las Vegas is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the US, home to some of the world's biggest casino-hotels.
England missed out on a dramatic victory over Pakistan on the final day of the first Test in Abu Dhabi.
China won their second gold medal of the Rio Olympics by beating Japan in the men's team table tennis final.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall will visit Australia and New Zealand in November.
More than half of the UK's beaches do not have lifeguards on duty during the summer months, the BBC has learned.
US political broadcaster Gwen Ifill has died at the age of 61, PBS has announced.
It's been two years since Chris Riddell took over from Malorie Blackman as the Children's Laureate.
Former Birmingham City and Hull City boss Steve Bruce would be a good fit for Aston Villa, says Blues legend Robbie Savage.
A 20-year-old man has been charged with riotous behaviour after shots were fired at police in Belfast.
A sports journalist who was attacked outside a London Tube station is in a critical condition in hospital, his wife has said.
Chester have re-signed Birmingham City midfielder Jordan Lloyd on loan until the end of the season.
Hibernian extended their lead at the top of the Championship to nine points with victory over 10-man Dundee United.
Beauty giant Avon has announced it is closing its French operations, with the loss of about 100 jobs.
The new Formula 1 cars have been unveiled at the first pre-season test in Spain.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Two of the ceramic poppies at the centre of the World War One centenary installation, Wave, are to go on display for the first time.
Sir Jeffery Amherst is one of the most famous British colonial figures of the 19th Century.
Kenya's four-time marathon world champion Rita Jeptoo has been banned for two years after failing a drugs test.
Plans to expand a wind farm in Greater Manchester have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
A US judge has ordered Apple to pay more than half a billion dollars in damages after it continued to use a university's microchip technology.
A Northern Ireland fan has died during the team's Euro 2016 match against Ukraine at the Stade de France in Lyon.
Poet David Harsent has won the 2014 TS Eliot Prize for poetry.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has pulled out of next month's UK Championship in London.
A wine bar has been fined £50,000 after a woman was seriously injured when she drank a cocktail containing liquid nitrogen.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a woman's body in the Republic of Ireland.
The care of older people in the Western Isles needs "significant improvement", according to health and social care watchdogs.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked with a hammer and other weapons.
Defending champions Democratic Republic of Congo were knocked out of the African Nations Championship (CHAN) in South Africa after a 2-2 draw with Congo Brazzaville.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says new signing Ollie Ntcham will be a "big player" for the club following his debut in Saturday's friendly defeat by Lyon.
Public views are being sought on plans for a new bridge over the A90 in the Highlands.
Scientists at Cern have claimed to have found a way to harness the power of the Force.
UKIP has a "very good chance" of winning more seats at next year's assembly election, the party's Welsh leader has said.
A Polish deli owner in Cambridgeshire says she has received hate mail and phone calls since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A 51-year-old man from Powys has been jailed for more than 30 years for child sex abuse.
A 15-year-old girl in Mexico has been invited to a lavish party in a field after a social media announcement went viral.
An appeal to raise £10,000 for the family of a three-year-old girl who died after becoming trapped in a lift has raised more than £20,000.
More than 1,000 water voles have been released into a Pembrokeshire nature reserve to help boost their numbers.
The closure of the Forensic Science Service (FSS) will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK, a public inquiry has been told.
Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees of Philadelphia's Temple University.
A suspected World War Two bomb has been found on a beach in Gwynedd.
The rate of carbon emissions from humans is much slower than previously thought, according to new research.
A man with motor neurone disease is taking part in his last gymnastics session.
St Helens came from behind to beat Catalans Dragons and move within three points of Super League's top four.
A Denbighshire man whose home was badly damaged in floods three years ago has said he feels "safer" living in the area.
A new broadband service using lower frequencies is to be rolled out in Scotland and Wales.
Fines of up to 100% of the value of tax someone has avoided could be introduced if Labour wins the general election, the party has said.
Rugby should be banned from schools in England because of the high number of injuries to young players, a leading doctor has said.
A medieval castle on the Isle of Wight is to undergo a major restoration project.
Health Secretary Shona Robison has confirmed an independent expert will examine the findings of an independent review into mesh implant surgery.
Hundreds of gull eggs have been stolen from a harbour, prompting a warning from Natural England.
The number of people prosecuted for careless and dangerous driving has fallen sharply, according to new figures.
A petition calling for an end to China's annual dog meat festival has been handed in to the local government.
South Korea's Chen Long won Olympic gold in the men's -57kg weightlifting with a record-breaking lift.
Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign Netherlands winger Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven.
If you want to know what virtual reality is going to be, here's a good place to start.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey retained her bouldering world title with victory in the final event of the season in Slovenia.
A man who attacked worshippers at a Dundee mosque has been jailed for six months.
Four people have appeared in court charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death at a mill.
A takeaway delivery driver has been attacked and robbed by a gang of men in West Lothian.
Devolution in Wales "has not gone as far as it should", the head of the Church in Wales has said.
More than 40,000 acres of commercial forests in Wales need to be re-planted to meet growing demand, campaigners have said.
Two European eels have been found in a river for the first time in five years.
A court in India has begun hearing the case against Bollywood star Salman Khan over a car crash in which a policeman died.
The year after the 1916 Easter Rising there was a high-profile murder in Londonderry.
The organisers of a sportive ride in honour of Robert Millar have said they hope it will be the first of its kind in Scotland.
Wales should be able to set its own immigration rules, MPs have said.
Patent applications for brain-reading technology have more than doubled in the past five years, according to new research.
A hospital has apologised after a patient's appendix fell out during surgery.
Riot police have clashed with hundreds of migrants trying to get off a train near the Hungarian capital, Budapest.
Melania Trump's decision not to move into the White House with her 10-year-old son Barron has been met with criticism on social media.
A Labour AM has accused his party colleague of "smears and personal attacks" after he called for a "forensic investigation" into the Welsh Government.
A fire officer has been sacked after a pensioner died in a house fire in which firefighters took more than an hour to arrive.
A Hampshire school has announced it is to close.
Paintings by one of Wales' best-known artists, Ann Williams, are to go on show for the first time.
One of the world's largest bitcoin exchanges, Bitfinex, says it has been hacked.
British amateur golfer Ryan Gregory has spent the past four years studying the Augusta National course in preparation for this week's Masters.
The death of a 20-year-old French woman who streamed her own suicide on Periscope has sparked a debate about the dangers of social media.
A woman has been jailed for life after pleading guilty to the murder of her mother.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower as the dollar rose against the yen.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell in June for the first time in three years, official figures show.
Manchester United thrashed 10-man Arsenal to inflict Arsene Wenger's first defeat as Arsenal manager.
A BBC team has escaped injury after a huge explosion at the Mount Etna volcano in northern Italy.
The Scottish Conservative leader has called on David Cameron to produce a White Paper on devolution within 100 days of forming a government.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland has the "capability" to lead the national side into the future, says chief executive Martyn Brooke.
Benfica became the first team to win three successive Portuguese league titles as they thrashed second-tier side Vitória Guimarães.
Paralympic gold medallist Adam Smith has set his sights on the 2016 Games in Rio.
Down produced a superb display to beat Meath 1-13 to 0-14 at Pairc Esler on Saturday.
Tributes have been paid to a Labour councillor who has died after a short illness.
QPR midfielder Lloyd Townsend has been banned from football for six months by the Football Association for betting on matches.
At Manchester City's Etihad Stadium, there is a deafening racket coming from the stands.
The number of Americans who say they are "living comfortably" or "doing okay" has fallen in the past two years, according to the Federal Reserve.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has told the BBC he does not believe gay sex is a sin.
Barratt Developments has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in Scotland over the next five years.
The Scottish Parliament's finance committee is due to meet for the first time to discuss the Scottish budget.
A US man has died after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park, officials say.
Singer Gary Barlow has surprised shoppers in Manchester by turning up at a shopping centre dressed as a magician.
Eight people have been injured in a fire at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Poland's parliament has rejected a controversial abortion bill backed by the Catholic Church.
Four men have admitted their part in the Hatton Garden jewellery raid in January.
Wales recovered from their opening Six Nations defeat by England with a hard-fought victory over Scotland in Edinburgh.
Former world champion Justin Gatlin won the 100m at the European Indoor Championships in a new personal best time of 9.97 seconds.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene looks at the controversy over two former Guantanamo Bay detainees being allowed to live in Ghana.
Senegal missed out on a place in the last 16 of the Fifa Under-20 World Cup after losing 1-0 to Ecuador in South Korea.
A man has been taken to hospital after being shot in the leg in west Belfast.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Former European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso has come under fire for accepting a job with Goldman Sachs.
Former world champion Jenson Button says Sunday's Hungarian Grand Prix will be his last in Formula 1.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Chris Howard has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury sustained in the League One defeat by Peterborough United.
The number of people out of work in the UK fell by 39,000 in August to 1.65 million, according to official figures.
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by more than a third in the past year, official figures show.
Nicolas Dauman, the chief executive of Viacom, has been removed from the board of the company owned by Sumner Redstone.
The Scottish FA is in talks with Scotland Women's players over terms and conditions ahead of Euro 2017.
Police in Denmark say they have found a torso in the waters off the island of Amager.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover came from behind to beat Forest Green 4-3 in the National League.
A woman has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering her partner in a row over £10,000.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has been accused of trying to meddle in African politics for more than 50 years.
Dan Biggar and Sam Davies return to the Ospreys' starting line-up for their European Champions Cup game against Grenoble.
An independent boarding school in London is considering introducing a gender neutral uniform.
Northern Ireland's Michael Sharvin carded a six-under-par 66 to share the lead after the first round of the Australian Open.
A giant red 'A' sign has appeared at a roundabout in Berkshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges faced by Africa's artists.
For centuries, a small patch of land in Slievenacloy, County Antrim, has been covered up by potted plants.
A woman has died in a two-car crash on the A90 near Dalwhinnie in Dumfries and Galloway.
A number of flights have been cancelled due to bad weather in the Republic of Ireland.
Britain's Chris and Gabby Adcock reached the final of the Badminton World Tour Finals in Kuala Lumpur.
Castleford Tigers have signed Salford Red Devils half-back Sosaia Feki on a two-year deal.
Former Defence Secretary Lord West has told MPs that a missile was fired into Wales by mistake.
A collector of Star Wars memorabilia has doubled the amount of money he's made selling his collection.
Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic says Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Wales will be a "once in 100 years" encounter.
The US justice department is to allow federal agents to take recordings of suspect interviews, the BBC has learned.
A former High Court judge has been appointed by the Scottish government to review the country's hate crime laws, including the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act.
A £1m fundraising campaign has been successful in securing the future of a 7th Century bible.
Ukrainians have returned to the streets of Kiev for the first time since the pro-Russian referendum in Crimea.
Former Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq has won an appeal against his disqualification from next month's presidential election.
Derby County assistant boss Nigel Powell says he is "fine" despite being suspended by the Championship club.
Scunthorpe United have signed striker Jordan Preston on a two-year deal following his release by Notts County.
A man accused of killing his pregnant girlfriend's unborn baby has told a court he was "napping" at home when she was attacked.
Tributes have been paid to Graham Taylor, the former Watford, Aston Villa and England manager, who has died.
Markets in Asia were mixed on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of key economic data from the US and Japan.
Police officers in England and Wales are being given new advice on how to deal with domestic abuse.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has announced a new carer's package in a speech in Cardiff.
Fidel Castro is one of the most famous men in the world.
Jordan Rhodes scored a stoppage-time winner as Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Bolton and go top of the Championship.
It's not every day you get a call from a friend and ask them why they smell so good.
Two more youths have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Saturday.
The UK and France are holding talks in Calais to try to reach a deal on the migrant crisis.
Welsh boxer Gemma Brace will make her professional debut at London's O2 Arena on Saturday.
A collection of Dylan Thomas's handwritten manuscripts has been bought by a Swansea university.
A stage musical based on Sue Townsend's best-selling children's book Adrian Mole has opened to a sold-out audience.
A woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in a Cardiff tunnel.
Stranraer manager Brian Reid has left the Championship club by mutual consent.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party after making anti-Semitic comments on Twitter.
Greece and its international creditors have delayed the start of high-level talks on a new €86bn (£60bn; $100bn) bailout.
Ten men have been arrested in Chad in connection with the rape of an 18-year-old woman, police say.
Plans have been submitted for a new social housing development on the site of a pub which was the subject of a council scandal.
Teachers in Northern Ireland are to stage a second half-day strike in a dispute over pay.
Netflix has cancelled the US comedian Bill Cosby's upcoming TV special following a new allegation of sexual assault.
Jeremy Fernandez is one of Australia's rising stars.
A couple who had a cycling medal and jewellery stolen 10 years ago have been reunited with them after they were found by a Met Police dive team.
Liverpool have rejected a second bid from Manchester City for England forward Raheem Sterling.
The Scottish government has published its proposals for land reform.
Nour, a 15-year-old girl, was caught up in the fighting between so-called Islamic State (IS) and government forces in the Syrian city of Raqqa in 2014.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed striker Jordan Mills from National League rivals Whitehawk.
The German city of Hamburg has become the first in the country to confiscate empty commercial properties to house asylum seekers.
Warwickshire fast bowlers Josh Poysden and Alex Mellor have signed new contracts with the county.
A chatbot designed to help people fight off parking tickets has been hailed as a success.
Former Home Secretary Lord Waddington has died at the age of 83.
A new park and ride service is to be introduced at a major hospital in a bid to ease traffic congestion.
The BBC has denied it faked footage of an iguana being chased by venomous snakes in last year's Blue Planet II.
A Lake District footpath is to be repaired to mark the 60th anniversary of the first book by Cumbrian mountaineer John Wainwright.
Millwall moved into the League One play-off places with victory at struggling Shrewsbury.
GoPro, the maker of action cameras and drones, has said it will cut up to 1,000 jobs.
Moors Murderer Ian Brady should remain in hospital for the foreseeable future, a mental health tribunal has ruled.
A police watchdog has launched an investigation after a 72-year-old man was found dead at a sheltered housing complex.
Scientists at the University of Reading say the current extent of Arctic sea ice is likely to be too low to be a record year.
Liberia thrashed Algerian champions JS Kabylie 5-0 in the first leg of their African Confederation Cup last-32 tie in Monrovia.
The County Down-based engineering firm Norbrook Group has announced the appointment of John Nagle as its new chief executive.
Arsenal produced one of the best displays of the season to thrash Premier League leaders Chelsea.
A pair of white lions have been born at a zoo in South Africa.
Bristol Rovers have extended the contracts of Jack Kirby, Joe Gumbs, Luke Duggan, Ben Ridehalgh and Chris Buxton.
Two Northamptonshire Police officers have been taken to hospital after being struck by a car.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after two separate assaults in Londonderry.
Abercrombie & Fitch has been criticised on social media for a tweet about Pride Month.
Police are investigating after a couple were left "completely penniless" when their funeral company went out of business.
Yemen's Houthi rebels have released the chief of staff of the country's president, a week after he was kidnapped by the group.
Designers in Wales have developed a device that could help footballers recover from head injuries.
Bournemouth have signed goalkeeper Mark Federici from Reading on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Two men have been found guilty of involvement in the 1998 Omagh bomb attack after a retrial at the High Court.
The president of the Royal Society has called on the government to reassure EU scientists that their status is safe after Brexit.
More than half a tonne of toxic material would have been inhaled in Scotland if the smoking ban had not been introduced, according to new research.
Bayern Munich thrashed FC Rostov to move top of Champions League Group D.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter said he was happy with the way his side fought back from 16-9 down at half-time to beat Japan in Tokyo.
Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull FC boss Kevin Chester as their new head coach on a two-year deal.
Police in Glasgow are calling for CCTV cameras to be installed at the city's Necropolis.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said the UK will not stand for "hate crime or these kinds of attacks" following the Brexit vote.
Plaid Cymru has accused the UK parties of offering "no commitment to securing an economic recovery for all".
Kent County Football Club have reported a pre-tax loss of £1.2m for the financial year to the end of March 2016.
Syrian government forces say they have retaken the town of al-Qaryatain from so-called Islamic State (IS).
The US ambassador to the UK has praised the "special educational relationship" between the two countries after a group of UK state school students were selected to go to US universities this autumn.
A girl called Emily has been named the winner of a competition run by the author Jacqueline Wilson.
A Russian diplomat has been accused of attacking a Mongolian rapper who wore a traditional swastika-emblazoned robe at a concert.
The family of a motorcyclist who died after hitting a pothole have said they hope the authorities "learn lessons" following his death.
A body has been found in the search for a hillwalker missing in the Cairngorms.
Spain have qualified for the 2016 Olympics for the first time in their history after beating Tonga in the Rugby World Cup quarter-finals in New Zealand.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire which crashed in Oxfordshire more than 70 years ago have been unearthed.
All pictures are subject to copyright and are copyrighted.
Inverness-born actress Karen Gillan is making her directorial debut with a film set in her home city.
Harlequins reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a bonus-point win over Stade Francais.
Marko Pjaca and Dani Alves scored late goals as Juventus beat 10-man FC Porto in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie.
Wales lock Jake Ball says he is ready to "put his stamp on the shirt" after an injury-hit autumn.
A crowdfunding campaign for a David Bowie memorial in London has failed to reach its target.
A man has admitted killing an elderly man after breaking into his Leicestershire home.
Frankie Raymond's late goal gave Dagenham and Redbridge a 1-0 win over York in the National League.
ITV has confirmed that The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent will remain on air for the next three years.
Russia will face a fine from Uefa after an explosion at the Stade Velodrome in Marseille, officials say.
Iraqi forces have broken a two-month siege of the town of Amerli in northern Iraq, military sources say.
US regulators have issued a warning about the risks posed by so-called crypto-currencies.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has said she will not make a promise not to raise tuition fees if she wins the assembly election.
Scotland's all-time leading badminton player Kirsty Bankier won her 10th Scottish National title with victory in the women's doubles.
Wilfried Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast came from behind to beat Algeria and reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals.
A video game maker has been criticised on social media for staging a fictional terrorist attack in Singapore ahead of its release.
Scientists at Glasgow University have developed a way to breed salmon that are resistant to sea lice.
Voters in North Korea go to the polls on Sunday to elect local officials in elections that are widely seen as a test of the country's democratic credentials.
George Osborne was on his feet for over an hour in his Budget speech.
Britain's Laura Trott won the women's individual pursuit title on the opening day of the British National Track Championships in Manchester.
Darryl Martin has said he will not race on his Honda Fireblade again this year.
Venezuela's security forces have lifted a curfew in the western city of San Cristobal.
More than two-thirds of people in Scotland believe the right to buy their homes should be scrapped, according to new research.
Liverpool's new architecture centre has opened its doors to the public.
The official depth of Loch Ness has been found to be much deeper than previously thought.
A new school campus in East Ayrshire is to be named in honour of the late Scottish novelist William McIlvanney.
The parents of a Scottish aid worker who was killed in Afghanistan in 2010 have travelled to the country to see where their daughter worked.
Six Hong Kong police officers have been sentenced to six months in jail for assaulting a protester during pro-democracy protests.
A six-year-old boy who was seriously injured when he was hit by a car on the Isle of Wight has made "amazing" progress, his parents have said.
Gerry Rafferty, the Scottish singer and songwriter, has died at the age of 69.
Plans for a new Concorde museum in Bristol have been given the go-ahead.
Plastic bag charges in England have been blamed for the closure of a packaging firm.
Two women in Indonesia's Aceh province have been forced to return home after being told they must be beheaded for being gay.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has been ordered to pay the legal costs of six men accused of a multi-million pound fraud.
It has been a journey that will never be forgotten by Michael McKinstry.
Scotland forward Scott Forsyth says playing in front of a home crowd at the European Hockey Championship will help boost the sport's popularity in his country.
Creditors of the Taggart family are set to vote on a proposal that would allow them to avoid bankruptcy.
UK manufacturing grew at its slowest pace in three years in May, according to a closely-watched survey.
Derby County have signed Republic of Ireland striker Georgios Makris on a four-year deal.
Veteran US actor Steven Wallach, best known for his roles in The Magnificent Seven and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, has died at the age of 93.
Britain's Kyle Edmund and Johanna Konta will be among the top-ranked players on day one of the US Open on Monday.
Israel has warned its citizens against travelling to the Indian state of Goa in the run-up to New Year.
Confidence among UK consumers has fallen to its lowest level since 1994 in the wake of the Brexit vote, a survey has suggested.
An explosion has destroyed part of the medieval citadel in the Syrian city of Aleppo, activists say.
Brazil's Amazon rainforest has been transformed into a savannah as a result of land management fires, a study suggests.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murdering a Cambridgeshire pub owner have been released on bail.
The bodies of a man and a woman have been found at a house in Sheffield.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed midfielder Lauren Howard on a two-year deal.
Nigeria's former governor James Ibori has been awarded £1.5m in damages by a High Court judge for being unlawfully detained in the UK.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) has apologised after a scam email was sent to supporters.
Welsh race walker Elinor Davies says it will be a "big step up" to compete at next month's World Championships in London.
Former Yorkshire and England fast bowler John Appleyard has died at the age of 83.
A woman accused of encouraging her boyfriend to take his own life has pleaded not guilty in a US court.
British and Irish Lions captain Sam Warburton has been replaced as Wales captain by Alun Wyn Jones.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 19-year-old was shot dead in Birmingham.
India has accused Pakistan of trying to influence the International Court of Justice (ICJ) over the case of a former Indian navy officer on death row.
Despite equal pay legislation being introduced in 1970, according to the Office for National Statistics, women are still paid less than their male counterparts in skilled trades.
A pilot scheme to stop parents parking illegally outside their children's schools was halted after three months, the BBC has learned.
Wigan Athletic have sacked manager David Joyce with the club in danger of relegation from the Championship.
A man has been jailed for perverting the course of justice over the death of an 18-year-old who was hit and killed by a joyrider 12 years ago.
Defending champion Garbine Muguruza beat two-time champion Francesca Schiavone 6-4 6-3 in the first round of the French Open.
A left-wing party backing Jeremy Corbyn in the Labour leadership contest has said it is "ludicrous" to describe its supporters as "entryists".
Tsunami waves have hit parts of Chile after a powerful earthquake struck off the country's central coast.
Coventry City's move from Highfield Road to the Ricoh Arena has not brought the success many fans hoped for.
National League side Bury have extended the loan spell of Bury striker Jack Marriott until the end of the season.
BBC Northern Ireland has won three awards at the Irish National Television and Radio Awards.
How much do you pay when you do your banking online?
A bomb found near a primary school in north Belfast was an attempt by dissident republicans to kill police officers, a senior officer has said.
Papers in India are worried about rising tensions between India and China over the disputed border in the Himalayas.
Women's Super League One side Glasgow City Ladies have signed former Sunderland midfielder Jess Staniforth and ex-Manchester City defender Rachel Sjoman.
In a leafy suburb of the Gaza Strip, a few hundred metres from the border with Israel, a new development is being built in the name of the emir of Qatar.
Plans to cut CrossCountry train services north of Edinburgh have been shelved.
The US has called on China and Vietnam to de-escalate tensions over a drilling rig in disputed waters in the South China Sea.
Cardinals involved in the election of a new Pope have begun a week of meetings at the Vatican.
At the end of every month Elena and her husband go to the bank.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has urged China to allow the value of its currency to rise.
Three people have been rescued after a boat capsized on the River Tay in Aberdeenshire.
The head of telecoms regulator Ofcom has suggested that BT's Openreach division could be split off from the company.
Civil society groups in Niger have filed a legal case against the French nuclear giant Areva in connection with a uranium scandal.
At least 11 people have been killed in South Africa's Western Cape province as a winter storm battered the city of Cape Town.
A freight train has derailed and burst into flames in the US state of Tennessee, forcing the evacuation of more than 1,000 people.
Paralympic archery gold medallist Helen Brown says she will not change disciplines in order to qualify for the 2016 Rio Games.
A rugby player died after his car was involved in a high-speed race with a Porsche, an inquest has heard.
A man has been arrested in Australia after allegedly driving a stolen bulldozer into a house and flattening it.
Nico Rosberg headed Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in first practice at the Chinese Grand Prix as two other drivers suffered problems.
Cardiff Blues moved five points clear at the top of the European Challenge Cup with a bonus-point win over Pau.
Families whose babies' ashes were not given to them by a crematorium are to take legal action against the council.
Prime Minister David Cameron has written to European Council President Donald Tusk to notify him of the UK's intention to leave the European Union.
Northern Ireland is the world's biggest producer of poultry.
French customs officials have seized a painting of a young woman by Leonardo da Vinci from a boat in the English Channel.
MPs have invited Sir Bradley Wiggins' former team-mate to give evidence about a package delivered to him by a British Cycling doctor.
A man has been jailed for life for the "barbaric" murder of a shopkeeper in Glasgow.
So what can we learn from the last two weeks of polling on the Scottish independence referendum?
Leeds Rhinos head coach Brian McDermott says his side's desire to win the Grand Final gave them an edge over their opponents.
New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Talks aimed at averting the imposition of a new junior doctors' contract in England have been extended.
A hotline has been established between Pakistan and Afghanistan in a bid to tackle the growing threat from militant groups.
The Sydney Sixers will face Perth Scorchers in the final of the Big Bash League after beating Brisbane Heat by one run in a super over.
Barcelona extended their lead at the top of La Liga to eight points with victory over Atletico Madrid.
The head of Spain's rail operator Renfe has said the driver of a train that derailed in Galicia last month did not report any problems during the journey.
The funeral of a fan of Ariana Grande who was killed in the Manchester attack has taken place.
Yorkshire Diamonds were beaten by Surrey Stars in the Women's Super League, as Sophie Beaumont's unbeaten 68 helped the visitors to victory.
Championship side Fulham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Apostolos Petsos on loan until the end of the season.
Shares in Asia fell on Thursday after US Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said the US stock market was too expensive.
Gloucester beat Cardiff Blues to reach the quarter-finals of the European Challenge Cup.
A sinkhole that opened up in the middle of a road was caused by a tunnel collapse, a council has said.
F1 in 1976 was all about Lewis Hunt and Niki Lauda, the flamboyant British playboy and the methodical Austrian Austrian.
A 25-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in west Belfast.
Alex Schalk scored a late winner as Ross County beat Hibernian to win the Scottish League Cup.
A number of dogs have been taken ill after being walked in a field near a cricket club.
Wales coach Warren Jenkins says he is baffled by the reaction to his side's Six Nations form.
Mae Heddlu Gogledd Cymru wedi cadarnhau fod eu hymchwiliad yn parhau ar gyhuddiad o geisio llofruddio yn Ninbych.
UK researchers have developed "fingerprints" that could be used to authenticate electronic devices.
Burglars have made off with a quantity of benzodiazepine tablets following a break-in at a Cardiff pharmacy.
England's remarkable victory over South Africa in the first Test at Lord's is the stuff of cricketing legend.
British 10,000m runner Katie Andrews says she is "just taking everything in" after winning at the London Anniversary Games.
At first glance, it would be hard to know that a retreat in the US state of Pennsylvania is home to one of the most powerful men in the world.
The Indian authorities have appealed against the acquittal of two men over the rape and murder of an Irish teenager on a beach in 2008.
As Dundee United fans prepare to face their city rivals in Monday's Championship play-off semi-final at Dens Park, BBC Scotland's John Swinney finds out what life is like for fans in the city.
A woman has been charged with raping a taxi driver in the US state of Ohio.
The family of a County Tyrone man who died in China have said they are "devastated" by his death.
An artist has taken to the sea for a series of self-portraits.
France secured their first Six Nations win of the season with a hard-fought victory over Scotland in Paris.
Bus drivers in Dorset are set to stage a 24-hour strike in a row over pay.
The Enterprise Minister, Jonathan Bell, has said he is "not interested in 'he said, she said' nonsense" over the closure of the Michelin factory in County Antrim.
The UK has given more than three-and-a-half times its fair share of aid to Syria, according to the charity Oxfam.
The Revenant and Steve Jobs biopic were the big winners at the Golden Globe awards in Los Angeles.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has often been criticised for his lack of experience as a manager.
A guide dog has become one of EasyJet's most travelled dogs in the UK.
The US state of Hawaii has filed a legal challenge to President Donald Trump's new travel ban.
The BBC Reality Check team has been answering your questions about the EU referendum and the UK's future relationship with the EU.
Two professors at Swansea University's School of Management have been accused of bullying staff.
Wasps fly-half Nathan Hughes has been included in England's three-day training camp ahead of the autumn Tests.
Derbyshire fast bowlers Jack Cotton and Liam Taylor have signed new one-year contracts with the Division Two club.
Hundreds of people have attended candlelit vigils in memory of British woman Shrien Dewani, who was shot dead in South Africa last year.
A copy of the 1916 Easter Rising Proclamation has been sold at auction in Dublin for an undisclosed sum.
One of the UK's largest payday lenders has agreed to pay £700,000 in compensation to more than 100,000 customers.
Singer Shirley Mitchell is making "remarkable progress" after suffering a brain aneurysm, according to her former partner Phil Collins.
Motorists in Edinburgh are to be charged 20mph for the first time under plans to introduce a network of 20mph speed limits across the city.
The number of patients who failed to turn up for hospital appointments in Scotland rose by 5% last year, according to new figures.
Six women have been named as the new chief executives of the UK's biggest companies - but who are they and what do they do?
The Balmoral Show will not be the same in a year's time if there is no road link between the event and the M1 motorway, its chairman has said.
The Australian government has agreed to pay A$70m (Â£45m; $53m) to settle a case brought by asylum seekers held on an island in Papua New Guinea.
A former council worker who was sexually abused by a colleague has been ordered to pay £10,000 in compensation.
Plans for a Â£1bn glass tower on the banks of the Solent have been unveiled.
Commonwealth super-lightweight champion Liam Taylor says he learned a lot from his win over Frenchman Charles Joubert in Glasgow on Saturday.
A Grade II-listed theatre in Burnley is to be put up for auction.
Pope Francis has announced that all priests in the Catholic Church will be allowed to forgive women who have abortions.
An Indian couple who claimed to have climbed Mount Everest last year have been arrested for "misleading information", police say.
Manchester City missed the chance to go top of the Premier League as they were held to a draw by Burnley.
A 79-year-old woman has been killed in a fire at a house in Dundee.
Starbucks, the world's biggest coffee chain, has reported better-than-expected profits for the year to the end of October.
Former Red Bull driver Mark Webber says he is "surprised" his Porsche team are in such a strong position to win the World Endurance Championship.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "angry" at the UK government's "walk-on-by attitude" to the migrant crisis in Europe.
Plans for a £10m palliative care centre at Royal Glamorgan Hospital have been unveiled.
Brighton boosted their Championship play-off hopes with a comfortable win over Bristol City.
A health board has said it has had to cancel some "non-urgent" operations due to "seasonal pressures" in hospitals across Northern Ireland.
Barclays has agreed to pay $1.6bn (£1.3bn) in the US to settle claims that some of its dealers rigged the Libor lending rate.
Two young Irish rugby players who were banned from playing the sport because of their eyesight have had their ban overturned.
The 2017 European Champions Cup final will be held in Edinburgh, Scottish Rugby has confirmed.
Crewe Alexandra manager Steve Davis says the future of the League Two club is "very healthy" after signing seven under-21 players.
Exeter Chiefs will face Wasps in the Premiership final at Twickenham on Saturday after coming from behind to beat European champions Saracens.
NHS staff using Google are being asked to complete a security check to ensure they are not robots.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Japanese side Kashima Antlers in extra time to win the Club World Cup.
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has said he is "heartbroken" by the amount of rubbish found at the site where he was last seen.
The cost of free childcare in Wales could rise significantly if large numbers of non-working parents take up jobs, an economist has warned.
US First Lady Michelle Obama is to appear on James Corden's Carpool Karaoke show for the first time.
An exhibition celebrating the 150th anniversary of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice has opened.
Wigan Warriors coach Tony Smith says his side's win over Warrington Wolves will give them confidence ahead of the Grand Final at Old Trafford.
England's Chris Woakes, Ben Duckett and James Roland-Jones have been named Wisden Cricketers' Almanack of the Year.
Five children have been taken to hospital after a crash involving a car and a lorry in North Yorkshire.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a 70-year-old woman in Bangor.
Stuart Draper scored a hat-trick as Welsh champions The New Saints beat Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic to reach the second round of the Scottish Cup.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said "tough decisions" will have to be made in the first year of the Welsh Government.
A former football coach has been arrested on suspicion of historical child sex offences.
Scotland's leading figures in music, sport and the arts are among those to be recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Nursing homes in England are having difficulty recruiting and retaining nurses, the care regulator has said.
A woman in the US state of New York has been found not guilty of drink-driving after claiming she has a condition that causes her to ferment food.
Scientists believe they have found the genetic clue to how early humans evolved larger brains.
Tottenham have broken their transfer record to sign Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for an undisclosed fee.
Staff at a mental health hospital in Newcastle were "shocked and upset" when a pizza order was sent with the words "Mental Health" written on the box.
An extra £4.2m is to be spent on repairing flood defences damaged by winter storms, the Welsh government has announced.
Five players have been shortlisted for the first BBC Women's Footballer of the Year award.
Huddersfield Giants secured a top-eight finish in Super League by beating bottom side Leigh Centurions at the John Smith's Stadium.
Rock band U2 have played their first concert in the Republic of Ireland in more than 30 years.
Wales made a winning start to their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable victory over Moldova in Cardiff.
The Met Office has issued an amber warning for flooding in parts of Northern Ireland.
Police in Iran have arrested a group of young people who made a video of themselves dancing to US singer Pharrell Williams' song Happy, state media report.
A woman whose body was found under rubble in the garden of her ex-husband's house was murdered, a court has heard.
An environmental group has won a legal challenge against the government over its plan to tackle air pollution.
For the first time in the history of the BBC Proms, a female conductor led the orchestra.
A woman in Afghanistan has spoken for the first time about the sexual abuse she suffered at the hands of her father.
An RAF pilot who caused an aircraft to nosedive into the Black Sea while using his camera has been found guilty of gross negligence.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group is increasingly using the encrypted messaging app Telegram to spread its propaganda, rather than Twitter, BBC Monitoring has found.
Iraq's parliament has passed a controversial reform plan aimed at overhauling the country's political system.
Kenya's women suffered a 2-1 defeat by Tanzania in their final match before the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Great Britain's Helen Glover and Heather Stanning retained their Olympic women's double sculls title in Rio.
Plans for a footbridge across the River Thames in London have been given the go-ahead.
Hull City manager Mike Phelan did not have time to consider all his options during the summer transfer window, says assistant boss Jonathan Davies.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
A majority of members of the Republic of Ireland's Citizens' Assembly have voted in favour of no restrictions on abortion.
Munster have been cleared of wrongdoing by the European Rugby Concussion Review Group (EPCR) for allowing Conor Murray to play on after a tackle against Glasgow.
At least four people have been killed in clashes between security forces and protesters in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman with learning disabilities who gave birth to six children is to be sterilised, a judge has ruled.
Plans for a Â£30m restoration of a 19th Century stately home have been shortlisted by the National Trust.
Britain's Chris Froome finished second on stage two of the Criterium du Dauphine as he continued his preparations for the Tour de France.
Firefighters have been tackling a major blaze at a seaside market in Norfolk.
Police from the North East Counter Terrorism Unit have arrested four men as part of an investigation into a suspected "jihadist network".
Jordan is the largest country in the Middle East and one of the most powerful in the region.
The UN humanitarian chief has said pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine have ordered UN agencies to leave the rebel-held region of Luhansk.
India have confirmed they will compete in the 2017 Champions Trophy in England and Wales.
Former environment secretary Lord Rooker has called on the government to reintroduce flood forests to the uplands of England.
The Flandreau Santee Sioux tribe in the US state of South Dakota has burned its marijuana crop in a bid to avoid a federal raid.
Conservative Ben Houchen has been elected Tees Valley mayor.
The Russian Orthodox Church says it has found no traces of myrrh on a bust of tsar Nicholas II, despite a claim by the country's chief prosecutor.
US President Donald Trump has named Neil Gorsuch as his Supreme Court nominee.
Iranian-born Shara Howe is one of the world's most successful female venture capitalists, but her career did not start out that way.
Photographs of a former railway station have gone on display to mark the 50th anniversary of its closure.
Markets in China and Japan closed lower on Monday after a survey showed that manufacturing activity in the world's second largest economy shrank in October.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after he was shot by police during a raid on a jewellery store in central London.
Bayer Leverkusen coach Juergen Schmidt has been banned for two games after being found guilty of violent conduct.
The migrant crisis in Europe has triggered a wave of right-wing populism, with the far-right Freedom Party in Austria and the nationalist Finns Party also making gains.
The Scottish Green Party has gained its first councillor in Orkney.
A 25-year-old motorcyclist has died after being involved in a three-vehicle crash in Edinburgh.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the aftermath of the EU referendum.
A postcard sent more than 30 years ago has been found after being delivered to the wrong address.
The Prince of Wales has paid tribute to those who died in World War One.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed former Australia international prop Willie Mason on a one-year deal.
US drugmaker Pfizer has agreed to buy a US-based dermatology company in a deal worth $10.6bn (£7.4bn).
A Canadian kidnapped by Islamist militants in the Philippines has been found dead.
Madonna has released the first video from her new album, Annihilation.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) says it is "disgusted" by a new cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma as a womaniser.
Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly have voted to leave the European Union.
An elderly man has been threatened with a knife during a robbery at his home in Glasgow.
It's been a night to remember for the Scottish Conservatives.
China's Ding Junhui came from behind to beat Portugal's Joao Figueiredo 6-5 in the first round of the World Championship at the Crucible.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has been criticised for not doing enough to communicate with victims of crime.
World number one Angelique Kerber lost 6-4 6-2 to Zheng Saisai in the second round of the Australian Open in Melbourne.
A service has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the English Channel.
The Cassini spacecraft has made a big discovery.
Thousands of people have taken part in street parties across London as part of the Queen's 90th birthday celebrations.
Welsh actress Angharad McAlpine has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer.
A teacher has been charged with sending a hoax bomb threat to a school where a teenage girl was a pupil.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed striker Jordan Marsh on a one-year deal following his release by Dover Athletic.
It has been a season to remember in the Premier League.
Six people have been killed in a balcony collapse at an apartment in the United States.
A US college entrance exam has been cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong because of a cheating scandal.
Labour leadership contender Jeremy Corbyn has said he could bring back Clause IV of the party's constitution.
Midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City are "seeing the old Swansea again" after a poor start to the season.
Three Welsh police forces have been told they need to do more to tackle child sexual exploitation and domestic abuse.
Britain's Paul Smith lost his WBA super-middleweight title to Germany's Juergen Zeuge by a unanimous points decision.
Oscar-winning actor Jim Broadbent is to play the detective who led the investigation into the Great Train Robbery.
India has accused the US of "playing games" over the arrest of its consul general in the US, Devendra Khobragade.
England have won the Under-20 World Cup.
A prominent human rights activist in the United Arab Emirates has been awarded the Martin Ennals Award at the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva.
Five MPs have called on Chancellor George Osborne to invest more in transport in the north of England.
British number two Dan Evans reached the second round of qualifying for the Australian Open with a hard-fought win over American Sam Querrey in Melbourne.
Voting has begun in local elections across Merseyside.
The body of a seven-year-old boy has been recovered from a river in North Lanarkshire.
A French politician has launched a petition calling for a ban on pork substitutes in school meals.
Dublin won their second All-Ireland title in three years as they beat Mayo 0-15 to 0-12 in a thrilling final at Croke Park.
The second group of Syrian refugees have arrived in Londonderry.
Russia has hailed a Belarusian official who carried a Russian flag at the Rio Paralympics as a "hero".
A drunk driver who ran over and killed a 19-year-old man on a farm has been jailed for more than two years.
Former Tour de France winner David Miller has returned to British Cycling as an anti-doping consultant.
Residents have said they are "very angry" a large fire is still burning on land they were told to remove rubbish from.
Nine men have been arrested on suspicion of supporting a banned Islamist group and encouraging terrorism, including radical cleric Anjem Choudary.
Physicists and engineers are at odds over a new technique for transferring data across the electromagnetic spectrum.
The inquest into the death of Charlotte Bevan, who took her own life after the birth of her daughter, has highlighted the need for better mental health support for pregnant and postnatal women.
Worcestershire all-rounder Tom Shantry has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Community energy projects in Wales have been hit hard by a rise in business rates, it has been claimed.
Brighton midfielder Dale Stephens will miss the Championship play-off semi-final against Sheffield Wednesday after the Football Association upheld his red card.
French centre-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon is to make a rare speech on Monday, amid mounting pressure to drop out of the race.
More than two-thirds of UK workers have attended work when they were ill, according to a survey by an insurer.
Residents of a Sheffield tower block have said they feel "betrayed" after cladding on the building failed fire safety tests.
An Australian man has been found guilty of working as a doctor under a false identity.
US President Barack Obama has defended his relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu after the Israeli leader said a Palestinian state would "never" be created.
A woman has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl after giving her a can of Foster's beer.
The government's new strategy on tackling extremism has been unveiled in the House of Commons.
Prime Minister Theresa May should not approach the issue of the Irish border as if she was still home secretary, Lord Alderdice has said.
University vice-chancellors should not be paid more than the prime minister, Mayor of London Boris Johnson is to say.
A complete skeleton of one of the world's largest dinosaurs has been sold at auction in the US.
Wycombe goalkeeper Jack Blackman continued his fine start to the season as he saved a late penalty to earn his side a goalless draw at home to Blackpool.
The number of people waiting for mental health treatment in Wales has risen for the sixth year in a row, figures have shown.
A defibrillator has been stolen from a village hall.
More than a third of drivers in England have hit a pothole in the past two years, according to the AA.
A review is to be carried out into the effectiveness of 20mph speed zones in Manchester after it emerged they have not cut accidents as quickly as expected.
St Johnstone midfielder Scott Craig has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Welsh Labour MP Jo Stevens has rejected a claim that the party has "no chance" of winning a majority at Westminster.
A greyhound has been found dead in Lancashire with its right ear cut off.
The trial of a German woman accused of being part of a far-right murder cell has begun in Munich.
US TV network Univision has said it will not air a beauty pageant owned by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
Tom Hiddleston has apologised for his "nervous" Golden Globe acceptance speech.
A multi-million pound shopping and entertainment complex has opened in Newport city centre.
The head of India's central bank has told the BBC he is concerned about the "immense burden" central banks are taking on.
Political parties are promising to clamp down on tax avoidance and evasion.
Rescue workers in Italy are continuing to search for survivors of Wednesday's earthquake, with hundreds of people still missing.
A memorial service is to be held for the 11 people killed in the Shoreham air disaster.
The police and crime commissioner (PCC) was warned by the chief constable over plans to move his office to the force's Middlemoor headquarters.
The Australian government has announced a $1.3bn (Â£1.1bn) drought assistance package for farmers.
A grand jury in the US state of Texas has decided not to charge anyone over the death of Sandra Bland, who hanged herself in jail.
League Two side Crewe Alexandra have signed former Scunthorpe United and Blackburn Rovers midfielder Chris Nolan on a two-year deal.
China's Ding Junhui has reached the semi-finals of the UK Championship for the first time in his career.
Derbyshire fast bowler Tim Berg could be out for up to six weeks with a hamstring injury, says head coach Gary Benkenstein.
A woman accused of causing the death of her partner in a crash has told a court she felt like she was "in a washing machine".
Cafodd y penderfyniad i ganiatáu menywod i fod yn esgobion ei wneud yn 2013.
Hartlepool United have appointed Barrow boss Kevin Cox as their new manager on a two-year deal.
Cadbury has announced it is dropping Fairtrade certification from all of its chocolate products in the UK.
Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the National Critics Book Prize for her novel Americanah.
A Dundee United fan has admitted striking a Rangers fan with a metal pole.
The US government has stepped up security ahead of the Super Bowl in California on Sunday.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba was "in effect, dead" when he collapsed on the pitch at White Hart Lane last month, according to his doctor, Dr David Tobin.
A 23-year-old man has died after being found with serious head injuries at a flat in Dumfries.
Nico Rosberg set the fastest time in pre-season testing as Mercedes showed they are in a strong position ahead of the 2016 season.
Hans Ulrich Obrist has been named the most influential figure in contemporary art.
Royal Dutch Shell has apologised after a cardboard cutout of a female employee appeared in adverts for its gas and oil products in Malaysia.
Mae pob ysgol yn cael ei rhoi mewn categori lliw sy'n mynd o wyrdd, i felyn, oren a choch.
When Prof David Benton was growing up in the 1960s, vegetable oil was a relatively rare ingredient in home cooking.
Worcestershire's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship suffered a blow as they lost six wickets on day three against Kent at Canterbury.
North Korea says it has successfully tested a ballistic missile fired from a submarine.
The Information Commissioner's Office has warned of a rise in the number of people being targeted by fraudsters trying to access their pension savings.
A County Antrim man has launched a High Court challenge against a decision not to seek to re-impose jail terms on two brothers who lied in court.
Young people in England and Wales are being warned about the dangers of buying cosmetic contact lenses without an optician.
A man who was deported from the UK after being arrested in raids at Byron restaurants has said he is "saddened" by the way he was treated.
National League side Eastleigh have signed midfielder Jordan Cole from Staines Town for an undisclosed fee.
Game of Thrones actress Sophie Turner has joined the cast of Top of the Lake.
The Newry-based financial technology firm, First Derivatives, has reported a pre-tax profit of £9.5m for the six months to the end of September.
A man who carried out a series of burglaries in Manchester has been given a lifetime ban from the city.
Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny is due to meet UK Prime Minister David Cameron in Downing Street to discuss the UK's membership of the European Union.
An inquiry into undercover policing in Scotland has been ordered by the Scottish government.
Lazio have been banned from playing their next two European matches behind closed doors.
Apple has welcomed a US judge's decision not to force the tech giant to unlock an iPhone.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago after violent clashes between his supporters and protesters.
Ospreys and Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has signed a new two-year deal with the region.
A four-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being attacked by a dog.
Bolton Wanderers defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new one-year contract with the club.
A Pullman carriage used to carry Winston Churchill's coffin during his state funeral 50 years ago has been restored.
An exhibition of the nude bodies of more than 3,000 people who took to the streets for an art installation is to open in Hull.
A collection of rare recordings of Christmas and New Year celebrations has been restored by the Museum of London.
UKIP has complained to Kent Police after its leader Nigel Farage appeared on the BBC's Have I Got News for You show.
Engineers have built an octopus-style robotic arm that could be used in surgery.
The world's most famous steam locomotive has returned to the North Yorkshire Moors Railway.
A woman has been charged after a fight broke out during a Lord of the Dance show by choreographer Katie Flatley.
Three radio stations are to move to a new studios in Carmarthenshire, BBC Wales has learned.
A judge in Argentina has ordered the seizure of assets of five oil companies drilling for oil in the Falkland Islands.
The B-52 bomber has flown over Greater Manchester for the last time.
The Energy and Climate Change Authority (ECCA) has published a report on the impact of Brexit on the UK's energy system.
An app that can identify people based on the way they look has been launched in the UK.
Rory McIlroy finished in a tie for third as Japan's Hideki Matsuyama won his first PGA Tour title.
The search for a kayaker who went missing off the coast of Northern Ireland on Saturday has been called off after it was declared a hoax.
Facebook has announced a raft of new add-on apps for its Messenger messaging service.
It's that time of year again when the world's two biggest economies meet for the first time.
The US is to send special forces to Iraq to help fight so-called Islamic State (IS), Defence Secretary Ash Carter has said.
Egyptian security forces have raided the offices of several US-based pro-democracy groups as part of an investigation into foreign funding.
The Royal Museum of Natural History in London is tucked away in a corner.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after being found unconscious on a Pembrokeshire beach.
Thousands of Little Mix fans have been left disappointed after the band cancelled a concert in Belfast due to singer Jesy Nelson being unwell.
Work has begun on a memorial to the Spitfire at the site of the Battle of the Somme.
Two tries from Ryan Owens helped Widnes to victory over Warrington at the Halliwell Jones Stadium.
South Africa is one of the world's most visited tourist destinations.
League Two side Leyton Orient have signed Chesterfield midfielder Yann Kermorgant for an undisclosed fee.
(Close): The Nasdaq suffered its biggest one-day fall in more than a year.
At a detention centre in Saudi Arabia, a group of Sri Lankan maids are fighting each other over a mobile phone.
The US Supreme Court has ruled in favour of President Barack Obama's signature healthcare law.
A man who escaped from custody in Northern Ireland 40 years ago has been jailed for three years for firearms offences.
Tens of thousands of Coptic Christians have gathered in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, to mourn the death of Pope Shenouda.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man's body was found in a car in Nottinghamshire.
Jeremy Corbyn's "marrow moment" on the eve of the Labour Party conference was a rather silly photograph of him holding a giant cucumber.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he is not surprised by England striker Marcus Rashford's call-up for Euro 2016.
MPs have backed calls for an immediate review of civil partnerships as the same-sex marriage bill comes under fresh scrutiny.
Two chemistry labs and a restaurant have been closed after a fire at Dundee University.
Ricardo Santos scored twice as Barnet came from behind to beat Leyton Orient in League Two.
The number of drug users in Wrexham has more than doubled in the last 10 years, according to figures released by the North Wales Health Board.
The chairman of Zanzibar's electoral commission has said the island's presidential and parliament elections have been cancelled because of "gross irregularities".
More than 5,000 jobs were created or safeguarded by overseas firms in Wales last year, according to new figures.
A chemical weapons watchdog has concluded that a chemical attack on a rebel-held town in Syria in April killed dozens of people.
An Islamist militant group in Yemen linked to al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has called for the release of more than 100 soldiers it has kidnapped.
A Gallipoli war veteran has been reunited with his suitbag after it was found in the wardrobe of a woman who had taken it.
Paralympic gold medallist David Weir has said he has retired from British Athletics.
Shrewsbury College has announced plans to cut up to 76 jobs by the end of the year.
The Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment (CCEA) is investigating an allegation of exam malpractice.
Pop star Ed Sheeran has played two surprise sets at this year's Glastonbury Festival.
Sierra Leone's World Health Organization (WHO) director-general, Margaret Chan, says the Ebola outbreak in the country was the worst since the civil war in the 1970s and 80s.
Brentwood and Ongar MP Sir Eric Pickles has announced he is to stand down in June's general election.
Paris St-Germain suffered their first Ligue 1 defeat in 11 months as they were beaten at home by Lyon.
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has signed a new five-year contract with the Italian champions.
Wearable, health-focused gadgets are the new big thing.
Pope Francis has approved a second miracle attributed to Mother Teresa, paving the way for her to be made a saint.
Bomb disposal experts have carried out a controlled explosion on two unexploded World War Two bombs found on a beach in Aberdeenshire.
Second hand Volkswagens made by the VW group have not seen their value fall as much as expected following the emissions scandal, research suggests.
Facebook's chief executive has said he is "somewhat sympathetic" to Apple over a court order to unlock an iPhone.
A body recovered from the Java Sea on Thursday has been identified as that of a passenger on AirAsia flight QZ8501, officials say.
Oban Camanachd beat Kilmallie 3-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Camanachd Cup.
Belgian police have killed two suspected Islamists in a raid on a train station in the north-east of the country, a prosecutor says.
Night-vision goggles are to be used by council staff to tackle dog fouling in Staffordshire.
A "sozzled" squirrel ran across a bar's pumps and turned on the Caffrey's tap, a member of a railway club has said.
Police Scotland has been urged to reveal what it knew about allegations it spied on MSPs.
A US man who spent 28 years on death row after being wrongly convicted of murder has been freed.
Five businesses in Edinburgh have been fined after being found to be using communal bins meant for residents to dispose of their waste.
The families of two inmates who killed themselves at a prison in Buckinghamshire have launched a human rights claim against the authorities.
The Red Arrows will be replaced within the next two years, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
A campaigner against euthanasia has said he is "ready to go" after being diagnosed with terminal cancer.
Stoke City defender Lee Johnson has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
Italian striker Mario Balotelli has accused French Ligue 1 side Bastia of making monkey noises to him during their 2-1 defeat at Stade de France on Friday.
Members of the RMT union on Virgin Trains on the east coast have voted in favour of strike action.
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could miss the rest of the season after having surgery on an ankle injury.
The resignation of Top Gear presenter Chris Evans has sparked a debate on social media about who should replace him.
Bees in 17 European countries died by at least 10% in 2012-13, according to a new report.
The body of Kim Jong-nam, the estranged son of North Korea's leader, has been returned to the country, the Chinese foreign ministry says.
The United Nations (UN) has ended its project with Wonder Woman after a backlash over the character's "sexualised" image.
The owner of a yacht has been taken to hospital after an explosion ripped through the vessel off the Western Isles.
A pro-refugee campaigner has been found guilty of racially aggravated behaviour at a far-right rally.
A five-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire.
People living in Liverpool could be asked to pay more in council tax to help fund the city's open spaces.
Nigeria's government says it has shut down a radio station that supports the creation of a breakaway state of Biafra.
A homeless man has been recognised in the New Year Honours list for his work with homeless people in London.
Boeing has tested a new high powered laser that can be used to shoot down drones.
Five people have been arrested in connection with the death of a teenager who was stabbed in north London.
Crusaders will take a huge step towards retaining their Premiership title if they beat Glenavon at Mourneview Park.
Former Liverpool and England striker John St John believes some of his former team-mates have dementia as a result of playing the game.
BBC Sport takes a look at some of the sports you may not have heard of.
A portrait of Mozart has been painted and projected on to buildings across the North East in a bid to reclaim the composer's "dark" side.
Hundreds of 'Boris bikes' are to be installed in Bristol as part of a new £2.5m cycle hire scheme.
India won the second Test against Sri Lanka by an innings and 95 runs in Colombo to level the three-match series at 1-1.
Donald Trump, the Republican presidential candidate, has condemned the decision to move a major golf tournament from Florida to Mexico.
Plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol in Scotland have been at the centre of a long-running legal battle.
Queen guitarist Brian May has led tributes to Status Quo's Rick Parfitt, who has died at the age of 74.
Car insurance premiums are set to rise by an average of £13 a year as the Insurance Premium Tax (IPT) rate rises.
It was another busy day in the English Football League on Saturday, with Cheltenham and Queens Park Rangers meeting for the second time this season.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he has been pleased with his side's pre-season preparations ahead of the Betfred Cup group stage.
The rector of the University of Aberdeen has called on the Scottish government to drop plans for directly elected university courts.
Cardiff City captain Peter Whittingham will not be rushed into signing a new contract.
A drilling rig is to be sent to the Beatrice oil field as part of a decommissioning project.
Defending champion Mark Selby says he has not reached his peak yet as he prepares to play in the World Championship quarter-finals.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon and his wife, Penelope, have been questioned by police as part of an investigation into alleged payments to her.
Plymouth Argyle's Chris Kelly has been charged by the Football Association for allegedly pushing a ball boy during Saturday's 1-1 draw with Rochdale.
National League strugglers Guiseley have signed Wrexham midfielder Joel Smith on loan until the end of the season.
A sculpture of musician Michael Ronson has been unveiled in Hull as part of the city's City of Culture celebrations.
A woman has been arrested after police found two stolen iPhones at a house in Northumberland.
A woman has died after being hit by a train on a level crossing in Suffolk.
Former Strictly Come Dancing contestant Kevin O'Donnell has said he was "nervous all the time" on the show.
The search is on for the next 'psychic' octopus to predict the results of the Women's World Cup.
Colwyn Bay have parted company with manager David Lynch after a poor start to the National League season.
A blind man has won the World Conker Championships for the second year in a row.
A driver has been caught with a sofa in the boot of his car.
The Paris Air Show is usually a showcase for the world's best fighter aircraft.
How much do you know about the Greek community in London?
The US has accused the UN Human Rights Council of having a "chronic anti-Israel bias".
The Church of England is to start divesting from companies that make money from the most polluting forms of energy for the first time.
Swansea City manager Francesco Guidolin says he is confident his side can avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Manchester United were knocked out of the Europa League at the last-16 stage for the first time since 1984 as they were comprehensively beaten by Olympiakos in Athens.
The US has said it expects Pakistan to "treat" the attack on an Indian air force base as an act of terrorism.
An Indian woman who says she was forced into marriage in Pakistan has returned to India.
The Liberal Democrats have lost all but one of their seats in Scotland in the general election.
MPs in Madagascar have voted in favour of impeaching President Hery Rajaonarimampianina.
England captain Alastair Cook hit a career-best 263 to put his side in a strong position on day three of the second Test against Pakistan.
College lecturers in Glasgow are to be balloted for future strike action in a pay dispute.
Didn't we already know the government was considering military action in Syria?
The world's biggest bouncy castle has been unveiled at a music festival in Hampshire.
A suspected firearm has been found in north Belfast.
A court in Indonesia has sentenced two boys to life in prison for the rape and murder of a 13-year-old girl.
Mexico's interior minister, Luis Felipe Galindo, has been sacked over an investigation into the deaths of more than 50 people during a police raid.
Computer systems used by airlines to book flights are vulnerable to attack, say security researchers.
About 15% of police officers in England and Wales are planning to leave the service, according to a survey by the Police Federation.
Leeds Rhinos held off a second-half fightback from Salford Red Devils to win at Headingley.
Oxford City Council has agreed to allow pedestrians to use the M1 for the first time in its history.
England's tour of Bangladesh in October will go ahead as planned, the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has confirmed.
The chief executive of Liverpool City Council has been arrested as part of an investigation into alleged fraud at Lancashire council.
David Cameron has told the BBC he is "absolutely convinced" there will need to be new EU treaties to solve the eurozone crisis.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says his side must improve if they are to beat Tranmere Rovers on Thursday.
A giant flower which has been growing in a glass house at the Botanic Garden of Edinburgh is set to bloom.
Tyson Fury's rematch with Wladimir Klitschko will go ahead on 29 October despite the British boxer being charged with a doping offence.
A woman has admitted murdering three men and hiding their bodies in ditches in Cambridgeshire.
Unmanned drones that can be controlled using the brain have been developed.
A new contractor has been appointed to carry out demolition work at the former Ballymena Power Station site, where four people died.
Indonesia's main opposition PDI-P party appears to have done better than expected in Wednesday's parliamentary election.
Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world's biggest brewer, has made a fresh bid for rival SABMiller.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced plans to invest £250m in improving community tennis courts.
The South West of England is to get the most money from a new fund to tackle the housing crisis, the government has announced.
An artificial intelligence program is taking on the world's best poker players in a contest that scientists hope will set a new benchmark for the technology.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a Ballymena Chinese takeaway restaurant owner.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) has launched a major attack on pro-government forces in the eastern Syrian city of Deir al-Zour.
A Vietnamese court has sentenced a French-Vietnamese writer to three years in prison for subversion.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at this year's World Cup.
Revenues from the UK music industry rose last year, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
Uber has agreed to pay $2.5m (Â£1.8m) to settle a series of lawsuits brought by drivers who claimed the firm was not doing enough to protect them.
Rangers in South Africa are searching for a lion that escaped from a national park where a tourist was killed last week.
Poet Philip Larkin is to be honoured in Poets' Corner at Westminster Abbey.
A former soldier has been jailed for life for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl in 1976.
South Sudan's president has sacked his entire cabinet in a major reshuffle.
The Russian space agency says it has lost control of its Progress spacecraft, which was due to deliver supplies to the International Space Station (ISS).
In a schoolroom in a refugee camp in Lebanon, the children are playing with crayon drawings.
A Scottish man and an Irish woman have died after their yacht ran aground off the coast of South Africa.
Flooding caused by heavy rain in Norfolk has eased.
The Scottish SPCA has confirmed that a cat that died in Edinburgh was poisoned with antifreeze.
A minor league baseball team in the US state of Utah has apologised for promoting a "Caucasian Heritage Night" in the wake of the Charleston church shooting.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a woman from Milton Keynes.
What do you do when you have the flu?
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash on the A713 in Ayrshire.
When Leicester City won the Premier League title last season, it was hailed as one of the greatest sporting stories of the 20th Century.
Nick Gubbins hit his first Championship century of the season as Middlesex took control against Somerset at Taunton.
Labour leadership candidate Ed Miliband has said it was "wrong" for the UK to go to war in Iraq in 2003.
A hen party which went wrong when the boat they were travelling in got stuck in mud came to the aid of a lifeboat crew.
Harry Potter actor David Bradley is to play William Hartnell in a new Doctor Who episode.
The European Commission has recommended in principle that a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset should go ahead.
Police have released a new image of a man they want to speak to in connection with the attempted murder of a couple during a burglary at their Kent home.
A Â£2.3m redevelopment of Anglesey's market hall has been given the go-ahead.
Theresa May's plans to reform police stop and search powers are yet to be announced, BBC Newsnight has learned.
New Glentoran manager Stephen Haveron says a win over Linfield on Saturday would be the best way to turn his side's season around.
Doctors have voted against plans to downgrade maternity services at a Gwynedd hospital.
Dundee manager Grant McCann has given his players a day off after their League Cup defeat by Stirling Albion.
The Republic of Slovakia is one of the newest countries in Europe, having gained independence from Czechoslovakia in 1993.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says it would be a "no-brainer" for the club to sign former Derby County midfielder Chris Barker.
A derelict bowling pavilion is to be restored and turned into a tourist attraction in Cumbria.
England completed their Euro 2017 qualifying campaign with a comfortable victory over Belgium in Leuven.
Google has confirmed it has shut down its internet-providing drones, Titan Aerospace.
A 22-year-old man has escaped from a hospital in Manchester by jumping out of a window.
Professor Frank Pantridge, who invented the portable defibrillator, was known as a "big personality" with a mischievous streak.
Britain's Lionhearts lost to Cuba in the World Series of Boxing final at London's O2 Arena.
Championship side Oldham booked their place in the sixth round of the Challenge Cup with a six-try win over Hull KR.
Tehran's mayor has announced plans to turn the notorious Evin prison into a park.
A woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a van in East Lothian.
A senior prosecutor has apologised after the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) dropped a rape case against a 15-year-old girl.
The death of Fabrice Muamba is the latest in a string of high-profile sportsmen and women to suffer a cardiac arrest.
The number of listeners to BBC Radio 1 and Radio 1Xtra has fallen, according to new figures from Nielsen.
A new festival is being held to mark the 800th anniversary of the birth of one of Scotland's most important philosophers.
Italian Marco Tedesco has been appointed as the new head coach of Schalke, ending Hoffenheim's three-year reign as Bundesliga champions.
Celtic have been fined £100,000 by Uefa for crowd disturbances during their Champions League group match against Besiktas.
A towpath on the River Taff in Carmarthenshire will be closed to the public while repairs are carried out.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has updated its rules on tackling disorder in stadiums.
In the early 1970s, India's Maoist rebels were little more than a handful of fighters fighting for a communist revolution in rural areas of central and eastern India.
Scientists have developed a "molecular tape recorder" that can trace the origins of hundreds of thousands of cells in living organisms.
Paralympic champion Sarah Storey won her 16th world title with victory in the women's individual time trial at the Para-cycling World Championships.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been jailed for five years for corruption.
The government has announced new powers for police to monitor internet use and crack down on extremism in its Queen's Speech.
A boy who was mauled by a crocodile in an Australian national park has been found safe and well, police say.
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side must learn from their 0-0 draw against Switzerland if they are to be successful at Euro 2016.
An app has been launched to help people in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire who are at risk of taking their own lives.
Two County Antrim men have been given suspended prison sentences after thousands of tyres were found dumped on the shoreline of Lough Foyle.
Sri Lanka beat Australia by seven wickets in the first Test in Colombo to level the series at 1-1.
Typhoon Hagupit has made its fourth landfall in the Philippines, bringing heavy rain and strong winds to the capital, Manila.
Ireland all-rounder James Rankin will return to international cricket for the first time since playing for England in 2014.
Zinedine Zidane took charge of Real Madrid at the start of February 2016 with the club in crisis.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced a new schedule for the 2017 season.
A "five-figure sum" is expected to be spent to repair a 17th Century market cross which was hit by a car.
The French island of Reunion is located in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Africa.
The US has said it is willing to co-operate with Russia in the fight against terrorism, as the new secretary of state made his first foreign trip.
England's Justin Rose carded a six-under-par 66 to move two shots behind leader Rickie Fowler after the first round of the Wells Fargo Championship.
Rotherham United have appointed Hibernian boss Alan Stubbs as their new head coach.
When Othman's family first moved to the area around Mosul Dam in the 1970s, it was the only way they could afford to live.
West Ham chairman David Gold has learned a valuable lesson after being mistaken for a player on Twitter.
A butcher has said he is "gutted" after more than 1,000 turkeys, ducks and chickens were stolen during a break-in.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka won her first match since giving birth to her son in December.
Leeds Rhinos say it will take up to six months to return to their Kirkstall training ground after it was damaged by flood water.
Six teenagers have died of carbon monoxide poisoning after a party in a remote part of northern Germany, police say.
The fight against so-called Islamic State (IS) is being undermined by the failure to tackle corruption, according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton says the new Formula 1 season will be "exciting" because of the close racing between Mercedes and Ferrari.
Scientists say they have found the first direct evidence of a mysterious "hotspot" at the top of Jupiter's atmosphere.
Bradford Bulls have been granted membership of the Rugby Football League by their new owners Shahid Khan and John Sutcliffe.
Leicester Riders are aiming to add the British Basketball League title to the Premier League title they won on Monday.
Kilmarnock moved up to third in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Hearts at Rugby Park.
The UK has some of the worst health records in Europe, according to a new report.
Two people have been shot dead after a car crashed into barriers in the centre of the French capital, Paris.
UK retail sales rose in November, helped by Black Friday discounts, official figures have shown.
A horse that was wrongly declared the winner of a race was a stablemate of the winner, it has emerged.
The chances of the UK remaining in the European Union after the referendum are "very, very low", a former cabinet secretary has said.
At least eight people have been killed in an explosion at a garment factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
The French president has warned that "the worst can always happen" as he visited the site of a former Nazi concentration camp.
Google has offered a reward to a student who found a way to take over the Google.com website.
An inquiry into the policing of the so-called Battle of Orgreave could be held before the Hillsborough disaster, the Home Office has said.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle's David Johnson scored a last-gasp equaliser to deny Motherwell victory at Fir Park.
One of the world's richest men is known for his frugal lifestyle, but he is also a self-made billionaire.
The Conservative MP for Stoke-on-Trent Central has said he has been the victim of a "vicious smear campaign".
Workers in the southern Indian city of Chennai (Madras) are being urged to take Friday off to watch superstar Rajinikanth's latest film.
Former NBA star Lamar Odom has been taken to hospital after being found unconscious in a Nevada brothel.
I've been in Brussels this week and I've got to say, it's been a mixed bag.
Sir Bradley Wiggins has stood by his claim he had never been given an injection for performance-enhancing drugs.
More than 1,000 baby spiderlings have been released into a Suffolk nature reserve as part of a conservation project.
Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) has named two candidates for the presidency of Myanmar.
A 17-year-old US student is teaching computers how to diagnose cancer.
Sudanese state TV and South Sudan's state-run TV have been promoting the military campaign in Heglig.
More than 1,000 people have objected to plans to build up to 1,200 homes in a village in the Cumbrian Wolds.
The number of EU workers in the UK workforce has risen by more than 200,000 in the past year, official figures show.
Artist John Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize for the fourth time.
A notorious Nigerian kidnapper, who was arrested last month, is suing the police for damages.
Northern Ireland striker David Paterson said his side were to blame for their 2-0 World Cup qualifying defeat by Azerbaijan.
The chairman of the Stormont finance committee has said the Republic of Ireland's National Assets Management Agency (Nama) should appear before the committee.
Flooding caused by a burst water main has caused disruption at a London Underground station.
Japan's Emperor Akihito has told his family he wants to abdicate, Japanese media report.
A gas exploration company has been denied permission to drill a deep borehole in County Fermanagh.
MPs should be given a bigger role in the Welsh assembly, according to the Institute of Chartered Accountants.
Universities in the UK are considering opening branches in other European countries in the wake of the vote to leave the European Union.
Napping for more than 60 minutes during the day may increase the risk of type-2 diabetes, according to researchers in Japan.
Great Britain's men's wheelchair hockey team have missed out on a place at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.
The remains of a man shot by the army in 1972 are to be exhumed in a bid to find out if the bullet came from a military weapon.
Trainspotting author Irvine Kelman has been shortlisted for one of the Saltire Book of the Year awards.
When it comes to scoring goals in the Nottingham Forest v Derby County derby, there are few players who can match Brian Clough's record.
House prices in the East of England have seen the biggest rise in the past year, official figures show.
NHS staff in London are reluctant to move outside the capital because of the high cost of living, according to the Royal College of Nursing.
Karrueche Tristan has confirmed that she is no longer in a relationship with Chris Brown.
The family of a woman who died in police custody in the US state of Texas have said they are "shocked and saddened" by her death.
Campaign 2016 is not just a campaign for the US presidential election.
N-Dubz have revealed they have been nominated for four prizes at this year's Mobo Awards.
Six teenagers have been arrested as part of an investigation into drug dealing in Gloucestershire.
South Africa have included batsman Stephen Cook in their squad for the fourth Test against England in Cape Town on Saturday.
Some of the anti-fascists who took part in a counter-protest were "some of the most intolerant people you could come across", police have said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in the Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan.
The area covered by glaciers in the French Alps has shrunk by more than a quarter in the last 40 years, according to a new survey.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission is investigating claims a millionaire buy-to-let landlord banned people from renting his properties because of the smell of curry.
At least six people have been killed after a train carrying oil tanks derailed and exploded in Bulgaria's north-eastern Shumen province, officials say.
A man has pleaded guilty to the theft of a woman's handbag after she fell to her death from a motorway bridge.
Lewis Hamilton has become the first Briton to win the Formula 1 world title.
A motorcyclist who killed a nine-year-old boy in Greece has been given a suspended sentence.
A life-size puppet of Thunderbirds star Lady Penelope is to be auctioned in memory of the show's creator Ken Anderson.
New GCSEs in English language, English literature and maths are to be introduced in England, the government has announced.
Stephen Keshi has been sacked by the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) after less than three months in charge of the Super Eagles.
New curbs are being considered on the rights of EU migrants to live and work in the UK, Downing Street has said.
A former vicar has been jailed for 12 years for a string of child sex offences including encouraging a 15-year-old girl to have sex with a dog.
The number of patients being seen within four hours in accident and emergency units in England has improved for the first time in more than a year.
The government is to launch an investigation after three children were removed from foster parents in Rotherham because they were members of UKIP.
A fan in Aberdeen has placed a £100,000 bet on Andy Murray to win the Wimbledon men's singles title.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Rutherglen.
Mexican authorities have arrested the former governor of the northern state of Tamaulipas, Carlos Yarrington, on corruption charges.
Nicolas Bonne scored the only goal of the game as Chesterfield and Colchester played out a goalless draw.
Tower Bridge is to be closed to all traffic for six months for "essential maintenance works".
Sir Tom Jones is to return as a judge on ITV's The Voice UK, it has been announced.
Five of Enid Blyton's best-loved children's books are to be adapted for adults.
A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed five times.
An Essex town could be left with "stereotypes" if a reality TV show ends, a tourism boss has warned.
A second woman has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a baby in north London in 2001.
Microsoft has bought hundreds of patents from AOL in a bid to defend itself against legal action from Facebook.
British and Irish Lions scrum-half Tommy Bowe made his return from injury in Ulster A's Pro12 win over Munster on Thursday.
US President Donald Trump says he does not have any recordings of a conversation he had with former FBI director James Comey.
The leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said his party has a "clear agenda" for Wales.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has been "rushed" into taking charge of the club, according to director of football Craig Levein.
A community group has been set up to try to prevent grass fires being started in the mountains.
Barack Obama's hometown of Chicago has been shortlisted by the US National Archives to host his presidential library.
Toyota has raised its profit forecast for the current financial year and said it is in talks with Suzuki over a possible tie-up.
A woman who added Skywalker to her surname for "a laugh" has been told her passport has been cancelled.
A man and woman have appeared in court charged with terror offences.
Ciara Mageean and David Kirk-Smith won their respective 3,000m steeplechase titles on the opening day of the Santry meeting.
Dundee United and Rangers will meet in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals on 16 and 17 April.
The story of Bisma Baloch, a toddler who died after being denied entry to a hospital in Pakistan's port city of Karachi, is a tragic one.
The families of five men who died when a wall collapsed at a scrap metal plant have said they are still waiting for answers.
Celtic moved into the Scottish League One play-off places with a comfortable victory over Queen of the South.
Coventry City Council has taken in more Syrian refugees than any other local authority in England and Wales.
A Nigerian man has been sentenced to life in prison in the US for trying to blow up a plane in December 2009.
The Tui Group has said it is "deeply shocked" by the terror attack in Tunisia in June.
Police have said there is "no danger to the public" after a World War Two bomblet was found on the Aberdeenshire coast.
The US Supreme Court has heard arguments in a dispute between the Obama administration and Christian groups over the cost of contraception.
A solar-powered plane attempting to cross the Pacific Ocean has been forced to make an emergency landing.
Celtic's 13-year-old Karamoko Dembele has become the club's youngest-ever substitute.
Kidderminster Harriers chairman David Brown has praised the work of interim head coach Colin Gordon.
Radio stations across the US were forced to broadcast an obscene podcast after it was hacked into streaming boxes.
Manchester City secured a top-four Premier League finish for the first time in Manuel Pellegrini's tenure as manager with a draw at Swansea.
American Bubba Watson will take a one-shot lead into the second round of the Shenzhen International.
Tom Doughty's injury-time winner gave Swindon Town a dramatic victory over Millwall and ended Neil Williams' first game in charge.
Theresa May should "take responsibility" for cuts to police numbers after the London terror attack, Labour has said.
Former Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 83.
Hundreds of people have gathered in Coventry to mark the 70th anniversary of the bombing of the city during World War Two.
British singer-songwriter Robin Sarstedt, best known for his 1969 hit Where Do You Go To (My Lovely), has died at the age of 74.
Former Children's Laureate Helen Blackman is to star in a BBC One drama based on her best-selling novel Noughts and Crosses.
Six men have been charged with a string of sex offences.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury.
The oil company BP has withdrawn a "small number" of staff from Libya in response to "ongoing political uncertainty".
It was meant to be a warm-up speech for the education secretary.
A fire broke out in a ward at Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry on Thursday morning.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of ex-ITV bodyguard David Hayden in east London.
Pupils at a school where a teenager was killed by a train have been given advice on dealing with bullying.
The star of US sitcom Two and a Half Men has said he is quitting the show because it is "filling his head with filth".
The UK is to become the first country in the world to import hydroelectric power from Norway.
A man who drove to Manchester in the wake of the attack on the Ariana Grande concert said it had been "heartening" to see people come together.
A lion that escaped from a South African national park last year and went on a sheep-killing spree is again on the run.
The general election campaign in Northern Ireland was a bit like the campaign in the Republic of Ireland.
Ipswich Town ended a run of five games without a win with a comfortable victory over Queens Park Rangers.
The World Health Organization (WHO) says the Ebola outbreak in Liberia has now killed more than 2,000 people.
A number of petrol bombs have been found in west Belfast.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched the second of its Sentinel series of Earth-observation satellites.
The head of Scotland's fishing industry has said the country should leave the European Union.
A private ambulance driver has been killed in a crash with a bus in North Yorkshire.
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic has agreed a new five-year contract with the Spanish champions.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says Saturday's game against Ross County will be the "biggest game" of his career.
A car owner has described the "devastating" damage caused by flash flooding in Fife.
A watchdog has said East Dunbartonshire Council needs to do more to improve its finances.
A man who raped a woman in Warwickshire 30 years ago has been jailed for 12 years.
A 106-year-old Chinese man has made a major contribution to the Chinese language.
League Two side Stevenage have signed former Barnet and York City striker Jordan Hyde.
The Crucible Theatre and Chichester Festival Theatre are among the nominees for this year's Theatre World Awards.
Steven Naismith is relishing the prospect of playing under new Norwich City manager Daniel Farke.
Scientists have used stem cells from a human embryo to restore hearing in gerbils.
Work has started on the first phase of a £100m shopping and entertainment complex in Oxford.
Tunisians go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new parliament, six years after the overthrow of long-serving President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali.
John Carter Cash, the son of Johnny Cash, has announced the release of an unreleased album by the late singer.
Children in Wales who have experienced domestic abuse are more likely to develop poor health later in life, research suggests.
A former kit man for Scottish Premiership football club Celtic has appeared in court charged with child sex offences.
Three Scottish athletes have been named in Great Britain's athletics team for the Rio Olympics.
Port Vale manager Bruno Ribeiro has been sacked by the club.
A third of secondary schools in England have had cuts of 40% or more since 2010, a union has claimed.
Mae gwasanaethau brys Llundain wedi cadarnhau bellach fod 12 o bobl wedi marw oherwydd "maint a chymhlethdod" yr adeilad.
Bournemouth have been fined £20,000 by the Football Association for failing to provide accurate information about players.
The funeral of a Tudor princess, who was thrown out of Henry VIII, is celebrated every year at Gloucester Cathedral.
The Queen has granted a royal pardon to World War Two code-breaker Alan Turing.
US President Barack Obama has listened to a Bob Marley album on his first visit to Jamaica as president.
Saturday's League One game between Oldham Athletic and Wycombe Wanderers has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch.
Scottish golfer Russell Knox is hoping to benefit from the experience of fellow Scot Sandy Lyle when he competes at this week's Masters.
Middlesex wicketkeeper-batsman Matt Simpson has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
President Donald Trump's plan to withhold federal funding from so-called sanctuary cities has been blocked by a US judge.
There will be "few, if any, Christians" coming to the UK from Syrian refugee camps, the Archbishop of Westminster has said.
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra say they have found the remains of eight female foetuses in a plastic bag.
Wales women ran in seven tries as they thrashed the UK Armed Forces in Cardiff.
A man has been jailed after he was found guilty of making a hoax bomb threat that led to the evacuation of 22 patients at a hospital.
The Smiths have revealed they discussed re-forming the band 10 years ago.
Motherwell have appointed Scotland assistant manager Mark McGhee as their new manager.
The world's food supply is at risk because of the vulnerability of key trade routes, a new report says.
Rail services between Newcastle and Edinburgh were disrupted for more than 24 hours after a train hit overhead wires.
A blood test could be used to detect ovarian cancer earlier, according to a small US study.
What is it about England that is making them such a force in the Six Nations?
The bodies of a man and a woman have been found in the rubble of a building hit by an explosion in New York City on Saturday.
A new Android-powered smartphone has been launched by Nokia in the UK.
Scientists have found that large gatherings of people, such as the annual pilgrimage to the River Ganges in India, can spread antibiotic resistance genes.
A man has died after being stabbed in Greater Manchester.
Police are investigating a complaint about a mural at an Edinburgh primary school.
British number two Kyle Edmund suffered a shock quarter-final defeat by third seed Stan Wawrinka at the Miami Open.
St Johnstone striker Scott MacLean has signed a new contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
Twenty years ago this week, a sheep called Dolly was created by a team of scientists in Scotland.
A man who was caught by a vigilante group after meeting an 11-year-old girl online has been jailed for eight years.
Clashes between Islamic State (IS) militants and Kurdish fighters in the Syrian town of Kobane have continued for a third day.
The cost of a new footbridge in West Sussex has been reduced by £1m after a review by Chancellor George Osborne.
One of the oldest poppy collectors in Wales is celebrating his 100th birthday.
The remains of a human skull have been found in a garden in County Fermanagh.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face his old club Manchester United in his first match in charge of the Premier League club.
Aggreko has said it plans to cut £25m in annual costs after reporting a sharp fall in profits.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving in Fife.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has decided not to prosecute a man suspected of involvement in the Kingsmills atrocity.
A man who posed as a clown near schools in County Antrim has apologised for any distress caused by the stunt.
At the memorial service for the Russian ambassador to Turkey, a small group of mourners gathered in the grounds of the Russian embassy.
The National Trust (NT) has announced plans to restore Clandon Park, which was destroyed by fire in July.
It has been more than a year since the UK voted to leave the EU.
Mae Cymdeithas Gwarchod Adar RSPB Cymru eisiau eich help chi awr i sbario y penwythnos yng Nghaerdydd.
Alex Baptiste scored the only goal of the game as Preston beat Norwich at Carrow Road.
Police investigating the deaths of two cows in Conwy county have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to.
Three schools at the centre of the so-called Trojan Horse scandal have been told they face losing their government funding.
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool right-back Ryan McLaughlin on loan until the end of the season.
A GP who punched a patient after being called to a 999 call has had his registration suspended.
A 15-year-old boy has died after being stabbed in Leeds.
Spencer Matthews has thanked fans for their support after winning The Jump.
Lethal Weapon is to be remade for TV by Fox.
James Faulkner became the sixth Australian to take a one-day hat-trick as Sri Lanka beat Australia in the second match of the series.
The UK government has banned five Syrian jihadist groups, including the so-called Islamic State (IS).
Estonia is the largest of the three Baltic states - Latvia, Lithuania and Russia.
Residents of Dumfries and Galloway are being asked to help plan the future of the town's schools.
Russell Slade will step down as Cardiff City manager at the end of the season.
Former South Yorkshire Police helicopter pilot Paul Pogmore has been jailed for three years for voyeurism.
An inquiry into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio has received a letter from the chairman of the Law Society, the assembly's justice committee has heard.
Spain has awarded a posthumous award to Ignacio Echeverría, the Spanish man who was killed in the London terror attack.
England's Darren Clarke is out of the Open Championship after a disastrous second round at Royal Birkdale.
Former News of the World presenter Zoe Jones has given birth to a baby boy.
Plans for a glass gondola ride under the Humber Bridge have been unveiled.
Have you got what you need to know about the news in Wales?
Bromley moved into the National League play-off places with victory over Torquay.
A Labour government would allow grandparents to share in unpaid parental leave, the party has announced.
Australian rower Sarah Tait, who won an Olympic silver medal at London 2012, has died at the age of 35.
Shakespeare's Richard III will be performed at Leicester Cathedral in July, despite criticism from campaigners.
The new head of the Public Complaints Commission for Wales has been appointed.
An aerospace firm that opened its doors in Belfast last year has gone out of business.
New Zealand ran in eight tries to thrash France and set up a quarter-final against South Africa.
A Peruvian satellite has returned its first images of the country.
The Turkish prime minister has said his country's military action against so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria and Iraq could lead to "consequences" for the region.
The landlord of the Olympic Stadium has been ordered to reveal the terms of its deal with West Ham United.
Jockey Michelle Payne, who became the first female jockey to win the Melbourne Cup in 2015, has been suspended after testing positive for a banned substance.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he is "angry and frustrated" after his side were knocked out of the Europa League.
Sri Lanka's Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has said the country's mangrove forests are worth more than US $2.9bn (Â£2.4bn).
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes said his side "ran out of legs" as they lost the Scottish Cup final to Celtic.
The voluntary London living wage is set to rise to £9.40 an hour, the government has announced.
Pamela Geller is a US-based right-wing blogger who has been at the centre of controversy over her views on Islam.
Former McLaren boss Ron Ryan has been asked to take over the Manor Formula 1 team, reports BBC Sport.
The gap between rich and poor in Latin America is the largest in the world, according to a United Nations study.
South Korea's Byeong An carded a six-under-par 65 to win the PGA Championship at Baltusrol for the first time.
Aberdeen were knocked out of the Europa League in the first qualifying round by Fola Esch.
Conor McGregor has said he will return to the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) after being dropped from the card at UFC 200.
Vincenzo Nibali won stage 16 of the Giro d'Italia after Tom Dumoulin was forced to abandon the race because of illness.
The family of a former Cheltenham shopkeeper have launched a campaign to restore a door painted with his portrait.
Boris Johnson has been in the news for the wrong reasons over the past few days.
US President Barack Obama has nominated a former deputy attorney general in the George W Bush administration as the next director of the FBI.
A group of Victorian beach huts in Lincolnshire are to be restored with the help of £500,000 from the government.
The Russian military says it cannot retrieve data from the "black box" of a plane shot down by Turkey last month.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in Wednesday's first practice session at the Isle of Man TT.
The president of Australia's Human Rights Commission (HRC) has said she rejected an "inducement" to resign in the wake of an inquiry into child detention.
A Swansea hospital has become the first in the UK to set up a registry of twins who share a placenta.
Olympic gold medallist Lizzie King says she is considering a return to the track for the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
When Qandeel Baloch posted a video of herself "twerking" on social media, she was met with a mixture of praise and derision.
The Polish Institute of National Remembrance (INR) has published a list of Nazi death camp commanders and guards.
Olympic taekwondo silver medallist and world number one mixed martial arts fighter Tarek El-Khalili was inspired to take up the sport at the age of 13.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri called his players "gladiators" after they were beaten by 10-man Millwall.
An 85-year-old woman has died following a crash between a car and a lorry in Sheffield.
Hundreds of people have joined a search for a woman who went missing after leaving a Swindon nightclub.
The Department of Health is to spend an extra £1.5m on autism assessments.
A World War Two torpedo has been found during dredging work in Portsmouth Harbour.
Talks between Labour and Plaid Cymru will resume on Monday in a bid to elect a new first minister.
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has told the Munich Security Conference that Russia is the worst threat to the Nato alliance.
A new species of pink shrimp has been named after the band Pink Floyd.
Scientists say they have developed a glue that can stick to living tissue, using the mucus of a slug.
A health company has been told to improve after a leaked report found it was "not clinically assured" of the safety of its services.
Two British students who were among those rescued after a boat sank in Indonesia swam for eight hours to shore before being found by fishermen.
The owners of a former Denbighshire hospital have put the site up for sale.
When McLaren-Honda are asked what they would like to achieve in this year's Hungarian Grand Prix, their response is usually something along the lines of: "I'd like to finish the race."
Police have appealed for information after a large sum of money was stolen from the purses of cadets at an Aberdeen base.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes are to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration.
A cruise ship that crashed in London, injuring nine people, was "unintended" to turn, a report has found.
Police investigating the murder of a woman in County Down have issued a fresh appeal for information.
A Pembrokeshire man has admitted sexually assaulting a woman and attempting to kill himself in court.
The Venice International Film Festival has announced the three films that will compete for the top prize at this year's event.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has been re-elected, with opposition leader Kizza Besigye claiming victory.
Tributes have been paid to a Cardiff woman who died in a car crash.
Scotland suffered their first defeat of the World Cup with a heavy defeat by South Africa at Murrayfield.
Spain's banks will need a total of 59bn euros (Â£50bn; $66bn) to plug a "hole" in their finances, the country's government has said.
"People think I'm British," says Johanna Konta.
Oscar-winning actress Liza Minnelli has cancelled two concerts in the UK.
A man has been questioned by police investigating the murder of notorious criminal Bernard "Goldfinger" Palmer.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a woman in north London.
In the wake of the Finsbury Park attack, there has been a lot of talk about the fact that the man who carried out the attack was white.
One of the youngest victims of the Hillsborough disaster has told the inquests he did not see his friend Philip Steele after the first crush.
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories over the past 24 hours.
Former Leyton Orient midfielder Dean Cox says he is "in a predicament" after being banned from playing in the English Football League for four months.
Chelsea defender David Luiz is set to join French champions Paris St-Germain for a fee of about £40m.
Children's charity Kids Company received public funding for at least 15 years, despite warnings about its financial management, a report has found.
The family of a Bristol man who died on the French Riviera have said they have been "kept in the dark" about his death.
Mercedes drivers Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg say they will use the Spanish Grand Prix as a chance to turn things around and extend their championship lead.
The FBI has arrested the father of an Alabama boy who has been missing since 2002.
There will be no reduction in the size of Wales' forest estate, the environment minister has said.
Public service broadcasting (PSB) in the UK has been "significantly reduced" in recent years, according to a report by Ofcom.
Scottish Attorney General Michael Matheson has said it is "better for all parties" to refrain from making comment while the investigation into the death of Sohrab Bayoh is taking place.
The route of the London 2012 Olympic torch relay has been announced.
Wikileaks has said that it will publish further details of the CIA's cyber-weapons programme in the coming days.
You arrive in Ulsan, one of the world's biggest shipyards, and you feel as if you have arrived in another world.
An inquest into the death of a woman who died in a house fire in Denbighshire has been told carbon monoxide gas levels were "16 times the acceptable level".
Ian Drake is British Cycling's chief executive officer, and here he gives his top tips on how you can get involved in the sport.
How do we know if a new drug is safe and effective?
More than 5,000 Army personnel are set to lose their jobs as part of a £38bn defence budget cut.
A project which aims to highlight the achievements of people with disabilities has been launched in Cardiff.
Eder Varela scored a last-gasp equaliser as the USA came from behind to draw 2-2 with Portugal in the opening game of the 2014 World Cup.
British Rowing has said it is "looking into" claims of bullying by one of its top coaches.
Scientists say they have developed stem cells that can deliver cancer-killing toxins directly to brain tumours.
A man has been found guilty of causing serious injury by dangerous driving after he knocked down two children in Leeds.
A British man has broken the world record for the most people bouncing on a pogo stick at the same time.
Plans for a new railway station in Reading have been given the go-ahead by the council.
Police are appealing for help to trace a car that has been missing from a Hertfordshire garage for two decades.
England Under-20 World Cup winner Jess Mead says she wants to play in the top flight of women's football.
Argentina's President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has called for an investigation into the murder of a transgender woman.
Worcester Warriors centre Tom Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
Three cats have been put down after being poisoned in Carmarthenshire, the RSPCA has said.
Benik Afobe is set to play for the Democratic Republic of Congo at the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Channel 4 is to switch off its youth channel E4 on polling day in a bid to encourage more young people to vote.
A film about the unlikely friendship between gay and miners in Neath Port Talbot during the 1984-5 miners' strike has opened in the West End.
At least 39 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a football match in an Iraqi town, officials say.
Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund has announced plans to build luxury resorts on the Red Sea coast.
Dozens of cars have been destroyed in a fire at a Citroën dealership.
Fleetwood missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by Bristol Rovers.
A United Nations committee has called on the Northern Ireland Executive to "actively promote" an integrated education system.
A woman has been charged with causing the death of a 21-year-old man in a car park.
The Beatles have topped a list of the world's most valuable album sleeves, including one designed by Sir Peter Blake.
Juan Martin del Potro beat Stan Wawrinka in four sets to reach the third round of the Australian Open.
A powerful earthquake has struck central Italy, with tremors felt across the country.
The Northern Ireland Hotels Federation has called on the government to set out a strategy for the industry.
The mother and stepfather of a three-year-old boy who died after falling into a water park have been charged with his manslaughter.
It’s not often we get an insight into how Disney plans to use technology to bring their storytelling to new forms.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have signed new three-year contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
Chelsea have signed Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero on a season-long loan deal.
A number of paintings by Adolf Hitler have been sold at auction in Germany for more than £100,000 (130,000 euros).
A group of football supporters calling for a public inquiry into West Ham's deal to rent the Olympic Stadium has said it will continue its campaign.
Northern Ireland's finance minister has said she cannot move the budget bill required to carry on spending money after the end of July.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he is pleased with the progress his side have made ahead of the World Cup.
A man has captured the moment a bottlenose dolphin attacked a harbour porpoise in Aberdeen.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has vowed to "wipe out" 82% of the workforce if he is re-elected next week.
A fire at a Grade II-listed hall in Manchester is being treated as suspicious, police have said.
A wind turbine has collapsed in County Londonderry.
A cyber-attack on a power substation outside the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, last month left more than 100,000 people without electricity, security experts say.
Two-time Olympic champion Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a dame by the Queen at Buckingham Palace.
The parent company of the Fox News Channel, 21st Century Fox, has appointed Jack Abernethy and Bill Shine to replace ousted boss Roger Ailes.
India's Supreme Court has rejected an appeal by one of the two Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen in 2012.
The news that Muhammad Ali has died at the age of 74 has led to an outpouring of tributes on social media.
Scotland Yard's anti-corruption unit, known as CIB3, has carried out investigations into a Met policeman over allegations of voyeurism and inciting prostitution; and a recruit who admitted stealing a wallet containing almost £2,500.
The mayor of London has written to the prime minister urging her to back a second runway at Gatwick Airport.
Former Guernsey minister David Parkinson has won the St Peter Port North by-election.
The European Union has welcomed Canada's decision to resume imports of beef from the EU, after a ban over the BSE disease was lifted.
Plans to close Brecon Barracks in Powys have been described as "abhorrent" by an MP.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has defended his government's decision to ban Twitter.
The Duke of Kent has been discharged from hospital after being treated for a back injury.
A scheme to help women from black and ethnic minority groups get into work has been funded by the Scottish government.
The authorities in the north-eastern Brazilian state of Amazonas are searching for more than 100 inmates who escaped from a jail during a riot last week.
Former Ospreys and British and Irish Lions star Shane Williams has left the region to play in Japan.
Shares in mining companies fell sharply on Friday, with Fresnillo and Randgold among the biggest fallers.
A UK ticket-holder has claimed a £20m Euromillions jackpot, the second largest in the UK this year.
Police in China have arrested a fifth man in connection with Thursday's attack on a market in the western city of Urumqi, state media report.
The death of a three-year-old boy in Aberdeenshire dominates the front pages of Scotland's newspapers.
Maxine Peake, George Lucas and Elaine Paige will star in a new BBC One adaptation of William Shakespeare's The Dream, written by Russell T Davies.
A girl on the autism spectrum has been offered the job of replacing Big Ben's chimes on a BBC radio programme.
Police searching for a missing man have found a body in a wooded area.
A prisoner who died after being found unconscious in his cell at a County Londonderry jail had been prescribed painkilling drugs, a report has found.
Human remains have been found during an excavation at a site in Peterborough.
Canada's government has dropped an appeal against a ruling that a Muslim woman who wore a full-face veil when she became a Canadian citizen can keep her citizenship.
The number of tourists visiting an island off the coast of Japan has more than doubled in the past year, local media report.
Oscar-winning actress Keira Knightley and musician James Righton have married in France.
The Labour leader is to call for a £10-a-week increase in the allowance paid to unpaid carers.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol after a pedestrian was hit by his car.
Media across Europe are warning that the UK's vote to leave the European Union is a "wake-up call" for the rest of the bloc.
Newport Gwent Dragons missed the chance to go top of the Pro12 as they were beaten by Edinburgh at Rodney Parade.
A French woman has been found guilty of murdering her two children and burying them in the back garden of her home.
Sale Sharks' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals suffered a major blow as they were thrashed by Clermont Auvergne.
The Scottish government is to update MSPs on the future of the Named Person Scheme in the wake of the Supreme Court ruling.
The family of a man who has been missing for more than a month have made a fresh appeal for information.
The creator of the "yo" messaging app has said he is "taking this very seriously" after a security flaw was found in the app.
In a week when Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announced plans for a possible second referendum on independence, BBC Scotland has been finding out if there is a resurgence of nationalist sentiment in the country.
Businesses in Snowdonia are taking part in a project to encourage people to donate to the local economy.
Former US President Barack Obama's national security adviser has denied she sought to reveal the identities of Donald Trump's aides.
Former MP Eric Joyce has been found guilty of assaulting two teenage boys in a supermarket.
West Indies will face Sri Lanka in the World Twenty20 final after Chris Gayle and Kieron Pollard starred in a crushing victory over Australia.
Ivory Coast expect winger Wilfried Zaha to be allowed to play for them at Euro 2016, says the Ivorian Football Association.
UK Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will continue to work with Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale after the party's leadership debate.
James McManus scored twice as Greenock Morton eased to victory over Alloa Athletic.
It's a big day for the dairy industry.
Labour's Sadiq Khan has been elected mayor of London, the party has said, despite a poor night for the party across the UK.
Southport chairman David Clapham has resigned following the club's relegation from the National League.
A riot at the Maruti Suzuki car factory in northern India has left one person dead and dozens injured, officials say.
Wales scrum-half Ken Owens has dismissed the idea of relegation from the Six Nations as "a debate to be had in a couple of years".
A man has been left "very badly shaken" after a robber stole his car in County Armagh.
The Duchess of Cambridge has led an orchestra in a performance of Beethoven's fifth symphony on the last day of their tour of Germany.
Sierra Leone has imposed a three-day curfew to try to curb the spread of the deadly Ebola virus.
Germany's Thomas Walz won Olympic gold in the men's kayak single sculls with a stunning victory in Rio.
SSE has been told it will not be able to carry out an upgrade of the main electricity line between Inverness and Aberdeen.
A Labour MP has stepped down as a parliamentary assistant after sharing an anti-Semitic post on Facebook.
A Polish man has been jailed for 12 years for plotting to bomb the country's parliament in Warsaw in 2011.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has confirmed for the first time that North Korea is operating a nuclear reprocessing plant.
An Australian koala has been named "Bear Grylls" after it survived being trapped head-first in a car grill.
Leeds United have signed Swedish striker Jonas Antononsson from Swedish side Kalmar on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Walsall have signed defender Conor Leahy from Falkirk for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Sierra Leone has been declared free of Ebola by the World Health Organization (WHO).
Germany's domestic intelligence agency (BfV) has arrested a man on suspicion of making Islamist statements on the internet.
Voters in Hong Kong went to the polls on Sunday in the first elections since last year's pro-democracy protests.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea and Manchester City defender Marcos Rojo were among the stars of the weekend's Premier League action.
French comedian Dieudonne has been detained on suspicion of inciting hatred after he said he was "feeling like Charlie Coulibaly" in the wake of the Paris attacks.
The Home Office has apologised for spelling the word "language" in a press release about a new requirement for Muslim women in the UK to speak English.
A five-year-old girl has died after being hit by a stone thrown by an elephant at a zoo in Rabat, Morocco.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an incident at a McDonald's in Londonderry.
The government will need to introduce at least 15 Brexit bills before the UK leaves the EU, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFG) has warned.
Manchester City's Yaya Toure says Raheem Sterling could have "dived" for the ball during Sunday's 2-2 draw with Tottenham.
Labour is in "dire straits" in Wales, according to former Welsh Secretary Robert Howells.
Sale Sharks winger Denny Solomona is good enough to play for England, according to the club's director of rugby Tony Monye.
Police Scotland has been criticised in a report by HM Inspectorate of Constabulary over the roll-out of a new call-handling system.
The death of Liverpool hairdresser Herbert Howe has left a huge hole in the city's community.
A volcano in Costa Rica has erupted for the first time in six years, sending huge plumes of ash into the air.
Exeter City captain Paul Butterfield says his playing days at the League Two club are "slowly coming to an end".
A Chinese restaurant in China has become the first in the world to serve dog food.
The Scottish government is to invest £20m into general practice over the next year.
A crime novel by Hilary Mantel called Someone Else's Skin has been named the best in the country.
The parents of a baby girl who was taken from them after she suffered a bleed on the brain have said they were treated like "monsters".
A court in Jerusalem has ordered an Australian woman accused of child sex abuse to undergo psychiatric treatment in a bid to extradite her to Australia.
A man has been airlifted to hospital with a serious leg injury after falling in the Annalong Valley in County Antrim.
Supermarkets are cutting the prices of standard school uniforms in a price war, according to a market research group.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has published a report on the profitability of the big four private sector outsourcing companies.
Sergio Garcia and Henrik Stenson share the lead after two rounds of the BMW PGA Championship in Munich.
The Cassini space probe has made its final flyby of Saturn.
US Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has made a concerted effort to win over moderate Republicans with a speech in San Diego.
Shares in Mattel, the maker of the Barbie dolls, have jumped as much as 7% on reports that the company is in talks to buy rival Hasbro.
A new group has been set up to tackle the spread of tuberculosis (TB) in Cheshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how octopuses are changing the face of Zanzibar's coastal communities.
British banker Rurik Jutting has been found guilty of murdering two women in his flat in Hong Kong.
A decision on whether to allow fracking for shale gas in North Yorkshire is expected to be made on Friday.
Venezuela's army says it has arrested two men in connection with an attack on a military barracks last month that left two soldiers dead.
A new marketing body for Northern Ireland's agri-food industry is to be set up.
Featherstone came from behind to beat Halifax and reach the Challenge Cup quarter-finals.
An inquest into the deaths of five Protestant men killed in a sectarian attack 40 years ago has been delayed because of a lack of a coroner.
Birmingham City Council's children's services have been rated "good" by the Care Quality Commission.
Five MPs and peers have written to David Cameron urging him to remove international students from the government's net migration target.
Lord Coe is the right man to lead the IAAF, says the man who wrote a damning report into the organisation.
A 16-year-old girl with mental health issues who was held in police custody for more than 24 hours has been moved to a hospital.
Thai authorities have cancelled the launch of a Human Rights Watch (HRW) report in Bangkok, the rights group says.
The remains of a 17th Century stately home have been uncovered after it was destroyed by fire in a fire at the weekend.
Scientists have released new images of an asteroid called 2004 BL86 that has passed by the Earth.
A New Mexico man accused of throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle has pleaded not guilty to two counts of disorderly conduct.
Jockey George Best is expected to make a full recovery from the head injury he suffered in last month's Grand National at Aintree.
Before he can get on with the job, he and the other 649 MPs have to take the oath - or affirmation - in Welsh, Scottish Gaelic or Cornish.
The Art of the Deal, a guidebook on how to negotiate some of the best deals, and a mermaid puzzle are among the gifts given by Dennis Rodman to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
A road worker who was seriously injured when he was hit by a lorry has died in hospital.
Two window cleaners have been rescued from the roof of a New York skyscraper after a crane cradle they were working on partially collapsed.
A police officer who shot and killed a black teenager in Texas has been fired.
Singer Kylie Minogue has received an honorary degree from a university in Southampton.
Luke Berry scored twice as Cambridge eased to victory over Cheltenham in League Two.
The former RTÉ broadcaster Máirtín Ó Murchú has died in Dublin.
Northern Ireland's agriculture minister has said she hopes to secure access to Chinese markets for pork.
A missing motor from a World War Two codebreaking machine has been recreated using 3D printing technology.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says it is "possible" Carlos Tevez could return to the club.
Turkish police have detained the editor-in-chief of opposition newspaper Cumhuriyet and eight other staff, in the latest crackdown since last month's failed coup.
England's Matthew Fitzpatrick carded a six-under-par 65 to share the lead with Kiradech Aphibarnrat after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Three generations of a family have been threatened, tied up and robbed at gunpoint at their home in west Belfast.
New Zealand's prime minister has said the death toll from Tuesday's magnitude 7.0 earthquake in the city of Christchurch has risen to 64.
Scientists say they have found a new way to make ultra-pure silicon, the material used to build the world's first quantum computer.
Southampton midfielder James Stephens says it is "not time to panic" as the club look to bounce back from their Boxing Day defeat.
A cat who has been stealing items from neighbours' homes for the last two years has started bringing home toy food.
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored two tries as Salford came from behind to beat Super League leaders Castleford.
Dyson's plans to expand its headquarters in Oxfordshire have been given the go-ahead.
Cristiano Ronaldo was left out of Portugal's squad as they lost 2-0 to Cape Verde in their opening World Cup qualifier.
Tonight's third reading of the Investigatory Powers Bill in the House of Commons.
On the border between the United States and Mexico, a series of razor wire fences and a network of barbed-wire fences are in place.
Glasgow fought back from 13-6 down at half-time to beat Leinster in the Pro12.
Nepal and other countries bordering Tibet have raised concerns about the impact of water-related disasters in the region.
Internet service providers need to be "up their game" and make their broadband prices more transparent, a charity has said.
Birmingham City booked their place in the Women's FA Cup semi-finals with a hard-fought win over champions Chelsea.
Scientists have shown that a new approach to treating infections in animals could be a viable alternative to antibiotics.
World number one Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals with a straight-set win over Stan Wawrinka.
Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic will attempt to win their first Grand Slam titles when they meet in the French Open final on Sunday.
Plymouth Argyle striker Jamie Goodwillie says he has given up on a recall to the Scotland squad.
Meet Carissa, the world's youngest chess master.
American swimmer Katie Ledecky won her second gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory in the women's 4x100m freestyle relay.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian mother-of-three who has been missing since August.
Jeremy Corbyn has visited Scotland as he continues his campaign to become the next Labour leader.
Sudan have lost their appeal against a decision to disqualify five of their players from the Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Guinea.
Jean-Louis Akinde scored the only goal of the game as Barnet beat Mansfield in League Two.
The co-creator of the US sitcom The Simpsons has revealed that the fictional town of Springfield is actually in Oregon.
Belfast International Airport's managing director has written to Enda Kenny urging him to make Northern Ireland the gateway to the Republic of Ireland.
A man who raped two women while on probation has been given a life-long restriction order.
Three left-wing mayors have been elected in Spain, bringing to an end 24 years of uninterrupted Popular Party rule.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a woman in Leeds.
India's economy grew at an annual rate of 7.7% in the three months to December, official figures show.
Nine West Midlands Police staff have been found to have a case to answer for gross misconduct over the death of a woman who was murdered by her partner.
Tobacco is being smuggled into a prison and "may be only a matter of time" before a inmate dies, the Independent Monitoring Board has said.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has accused a campaign group for the release of schoolgirls kidnapped by Islamist militants of "psychological terrorism".
A man accused of murdering his landlord has told a court he hit him with a hammer because he was "angry" about a break-up.
Manchester City striker Andy Carroll will not be included in England's Euro 2016 squad, says manager Roy Hodgson.
A Pembrokeshire town's paddling pool is set to reopen after being saved from closure by donations.
Militant Islamists have seized the northern Iraqi town of Qaraqosh, forcing thousands of Christians and Yazidis to flee.
The partner of a man missing since the Oxford Power Station collapse has said there is a "chance" he could still be alive.
The Hippodrome in Dorset is set to open its doors to the public later this year.
Bob the Builder is getting a new voice actor.
The number of district nurses in Wales has fallen by more than half in the past six years, according to the Royal College of Nursing.
Hundreds of people have attended a vigil for a man shot dead by police on a motorway.
National League side Solihull Moors have signed versatile player Jordan Edwards on a one-year deal.
Hundreds of Pakistani Christians have attended the funerals of victims of Sunday's bomb attacks in Lahore.
Nottinghamshire were bowled out for 204 by Durham on day one of the One-Day Cup at Trent Bridge as Yorkshire clinched the title.
More than 2.5 trillion cubic km of water is hidden beneath the Earth, according to a new study.
Claims the culture secretary threatened a newspaper's editor have been denied by No 10.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from two goals down to beat West Brom at The Hawthorns.
Glamorgan chief executive Hugh Morris is "proud" of the county's record number of tickets sold for international cricket.
Former world number one Barry Fordham says he wants to return to the PDC's Lakeside Arena.
India's central bank has cut its key interest rate for the third time this year.
James McClean, Colin Doyle and Darren Randolph have been called up to the Republic of Ireland squad for the friendly against Mexico on 2 June.
Militants from so-called Islamic State (IS) have said they fired a missile at an Egyptian coastguard vessel in the north of the Sinai peninsula.
The UK's richest man, Sir Philip Green, has been appointed by the government to look at ways to cut costs in the civil service.
England reached the semi-finals of the Under-20 World Cup for the first time since 1993 as they beat Mexico 1-0 in South Korea.
Worcestershire have signed South Africa all-rounder Kyle Abbott for the second half of the T20 Blast season.
Belfast light-welterweight Michael McComb has become the first Irish fighter to reach the quarter-finals of the European Championships in Ukraine.
For many people, a community pharmacy is just a place where they can pick up their prescriptions or pick up a cup of tea.
At least three children have been taken to hospital after a giant inflatable slide collapsed at a Dorset carnival.
A 72-year-old woman with " histrionic personality disorder" has won the right to refuse kidney dialysis, a judge has ruled.
A woman has been appointed as the UK's first dedicated hedgehog officer.
An inquest into the deaths of four British soldiers killed in a car crash in Afghanistan has been opened and adjourned.
Crowds have taken to the streets in Ethiopia's Oromia region following a stampede at a religious festival in which more than 300 people died.
Cornwall clinched their fourth County Championship title with a hard-fought victory over Lancashire at Twickenham.
A man who stabbed an elderly motorist to death in a "violent, unprovoked attack" has been jailed for 12 years.
South Africa has cancelled its planned withdrawal from the International Criminal Court (ICC), the United Nations says.
A woman died after being hit by a pothole in Newport, an inquest has heard.
Newcastle United have sacked manager Steve McClaren with immediate effect.
HSBC could move up to 1,000 staff out of London if the UK leaves the European single market, the BBC understands.
Here is a selection of reaction to the High Court ruling that abortion law in Northern Ireland is unconstitutional.
A circus elephant has attacked a man in the German city of Heidelberg after escaping from its enclosure, police say.
Russia's justice ministry has designated one of the country's main opinion pollsters as a foreign agent.
A second referendum on Welsh devolution could not be won, Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said.
In the centre of the Spanish city of Barcelona on Friday morning, the streets were full of people, many of them carrying flowers.
The longlist for this year's BBC Music Sound Of 2016 has been announced.
A man has been arrested in connection with the seizure of a number of endangered species.
Police in Germany say they have arrested a man suspected of knowing Berlin lorry attacker Anis Amri before he carried out the attack.
A vicar has apologised after telling a group of children that "Father Christmas is not real".
A man has died in a fire at a house in Kilmacormick, County Antrim.
Angelina Jolie has received an honorary award for her film In the Land of Blood and Honey at the Sarajevo Film Festival.
Two police community support officers (PCSOs) have been jailed for using the force's computer system to settle a "personal grievance".
A five-year-old Celtic fan has apologised to the club for missing a birthday party.
Celtic lost 5-4 on penalties to Rangers after a thrilling Old Firm derby at Hampden.
The M74 extension to Glasgow has not reduced the number of road accidents, according to a new study.
Pro-Russian activists in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk have taken over several government buildings.
Benedict Cumberbatch is to play King Stuart in a new TV adaptation of Shakespeare's Macbeth.
Belgium's king has been criticised for comparing the country's political crisis with the 1930s in a televised Christmas message.
Mark Wood and Steven Finn have been named in England's squads for the North v South one-day international series in Dubai in March.
Derry is set to bid to host the Fleadh again in 2019.
The centenary of the start of World War One is being marked in Londonderry.
A Nottingham tram stop sign has been branded an "absolute joke" after it was found to spell the city's name as "Nottingham University".
Ethiopian runner Feyisa Lilesa has been suspended by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for his anti-government protest at the Rio Games.
The Department of Regional Development (DRD) has said safety measures are being installed at the spot where Enda Dolan was knocked down and killed.
At least 20 people have been killed in a knife attack at Kunming railway station in southern China, state media say.
French energy firm EDF has announced a second rise in its electricity and gas prices this year.
The government is spending millions of pounds on a campaign to promote Britain's EU membership - but why is it spending so much on leaflets?
Cymru Fyw yna i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf yng Nghaerdydd.
A custody sergeant accused of the manslaughter of a man who died after being restrained in custody was "not a computer", a court has heard.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower as oil prices fell and investors remained cautious ahead of a meeting of central bankers later this week.
Eight puppies and two dogs have been stolen from a house in West Lothian.
Sinn FÃ©in has called on unionist politicians to condemn "hatemongers" who put a replica coffin bearing the image of Martin McGuinness on a bonfire in east Belfast.
Celta Vigo have signed Fulham midfielder Jordi Alba on loan until the end of the season.
Letting agencies should be banned from charging fees to private tenants, a Labour AM has said.
"There has been a significant increase in the number of allegations of historical child sexual abuse in England and Wales over the past five years."
Argyll and Bute's bid to become the UK's first spaceport has been unveiled.
George Galloway is one of the UK's best-known gardeners.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie has won the North East Fife seat from the SNP.
The way we buy things has changed dramatically over the past 50 years, according to a new study.
A Borders knitwear firm has seen a "surge" in sales following the launch of its own brand.
A replica of one of the world's oldest cave art sites has been unveiled by the French president.
Manchester City goalkeeper Karen Bardsley has been ruled out of England's Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina.
A former ambulance officer has been jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage girl.
World heavyweight champion Tyson Fury beat Dereck Chisora on points to retain his British and Commonwealth titles in London.
Hull KR captain Jamie Peacock says stand-off Albert Kelly's future at the Super League club is "up in the air".
The Conservative Party has said it is "absolutely determined" to establish the truth of bullying allegations.
China's biggest online retailer, Alibaba, is planning to raise up to $24bn (Â£15bn) in an initial public offering (IPO) in the US.
The financial state of the NHS in England will not be published until after the general election, it has been confirmed.
Six-time Olympic champion Usain Bolt qualified fastest for the semi-finals of the men's 100m.
Brentford defender Tom Elliott has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
There's been a lot of talk about Madonna in the last few days.
Canada Post says it will phase out direct delivery of letters and parcels to homes as part of a cost-cutting plan.
US President Barack Obama has urged Kenya to crack down on corruption during a visit to the country where his father was born.
In the mountains of south-eastern France, the sheep are used to being left to their own devices.
James Corden is to bring his US talk show The Late Late Show to Sky 1, with three episodes to be filmed in London.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss Britain's relationship with the European Union.
Barclays chief executive Antony Jenkins has been sacked after falling out with the board.
The FBI is investigating the alleged hacking of the iCloud accounts of celebrities, according to court papers seen by the BBC.
A man who killed a teenager and seriously injured two others when he crashed his car into a telegraph pole has been jailed.
The international community will pay a "high price" if it fails to help the millions of Syrian refugees who have fled their country, a UN envoy has warned.
Indian drinks tycoon Vijay Mallya has denied that he is "absconding" after the sale of his former headquarters fell through.
Researchers at Dundee University are launching a study to see if electronic cigarettes are better for the heart than tobacco cigarettes.
A school in Weston-super-Mare which was placed in special measures by Ofsted is to close.
The Duchess of Cambridge has become the latest high-profile celebrity to show support for those suffering from mental health problems.
A woman in her 50s has died in a fire at a house in Ballymena, County Londonderry.
A former primary school teacher has been jailed for 12 years after being found guilty of raping seven of his pupils.
A third whale has been found dead off the Suffolk coast.
A man who killed his partner by repeatedly stamping on her has had his jail sentence increased by the Court of Appeal.
Virat Kohli became the first man to score a century in the opening match of a World Cup as India beat Pakistan by eight wickets in Australia.
Jonathan Demme, the Oscar-winning director of The Silence of the Lambs, has died at the age of 69.
The British Olympic Association (BOA) have confirmed they will accept Lutalo Muhammad's nomination for the London 2012 taekwondo team.
The Metropolitan Police commissioner has apologised to the family of a man who was found dead in south-east London five years ago.
A County Antrim man who stabbed his partner to death in front of their seven-year-old daughter has been jailed for 12 years.
A 15-year-old boy has been rescued after falling into a cave in West Yorkshire.
Plans for a midwife-led maternity unit (CMU) at Caithness General Hospital in Wick have been approved by NHS Highland.
Leeds Rhinos moved to within two points of Super League leaders Castleford Tigers with a hard-fought win at St Helens.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has said the High Court's decision not to print ballot papers for next month's election is an attempt to "intimidate" him.
A huge storm has hit the US state of Texas in America.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend sent her a text message shortly before she was found dead, a court has heard.
Castleford Tigers won the Challenge Cup for the first time in their history with a thumping victory over Wakefield Trinity at the Jungle.
Comedian Russell Brand has hit back at The Sun after it accused him of hypocrisy.
A 12-year-old boy from Stoke-on-Trent, Paul Murray, travelled to the match with his dad, Tony, who was also a Liverpool fan.
The number of people killed by a gunman dressed as a police officer on an island near Norway's capital Oslo has risen to 12, police say.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of murdering a woman in the Republic of Ireland has retired to consider its verdict.
North Ferriby's poor run of form continued as they were beaten 2-1 by Bromley in the National League.
Former Sussex batsman Murray Goodwin has returned to the county as batting coach.
All flights to and from the Isle of Man have been cancelled due to high winds.
Indonesia's economy grew at an annual rate of 5.9% in the last three months of 2016, its slowest pace since 2009.
Teenagers are better at learning from bad experiences than adults, research suggests.
A cyclist has been killed by a grizzly bear in Montana's Glacier National Park, officials say.
Anti-social behaviour is expected to rise on the Night Tube, according to Transport for London (TfL).
A nurse who downloaded hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children has been jailed for six years.
Ireland will face Pakistan, Bangladesh and South Africa in the Super Sixes of the ICC Women's World Twenty20 after finishing third in Group B in Sri Lanka.
Plans to build holiday lodges on the site of Warwick Castle have been rejected by the council.
Everton boss Ronald Koeman should "toughen up" after criticism from Republic of Ireland captain Michael Keane, says the Toffees player.
A jury has retired to consider its verdict in the trial of a man accused of murdering his lover.
German airline Lufthansa is to impose a fee on travellers who buy tickets from online price comparison sites.
Warrenpoint Town have said they are "shocked" by the Irish Football Association's decision not to punish Carrick Rangers.
Scientists at the University of Glasgow have found that the length of a creature's DNA can predict how long it will live.
The Mexican government has increased the minimum and maximum prison sentences for those who commit kidnappings.
An anaesthetist has told an inquest it took five minutes for a nerve stimulator to arrive during the operation that led to the death of a mother.
An Islamic court in Nigeria has sentenced four men to 20 lashes for being gay.
Russian athletics minister Vitaly Mutko says it is "high time" for the country's athletes to retire from competition.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested in Kampala on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prominent Ugandan prosecutor, police say.
The governor of the US state of Indiana has said he would veto any law that legalised discrimination against gay people.
Shakin' Stevens has been voted the best Welsh musician of all time by BBC Radio Wales listeners.
Sepp Blatter's former chief of staff has said countries bidding for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups had "no choice" but to bribe Fifa.
A man who fled to Britain after being convicted of two murders has been told he will face extradition to his home country.
Wales midfielder Joe Ledley has backed the Football Association of Wales to decide whether players will wear poppies on Armistice Day.
Diving helmets from around the world have sold at auction for more than £20,000.
A body has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries and Galloway.
League One side Coventry City have signed Preston North End midfielder Josh Brownhill on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Some GP surgeries in England could be "allowed to fail", health officials have warned.
As Liverpool fans celebrate the 50th anniversary of Kevin Keegan, Kenny Dalglish and Ian Rush's goals, there is one man who will always have a special place in their hearts.
Slavery and human trafficking are serious and organised crime.
During World War Two, London's underground railway tunnels were used as refugee camps.
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley says he will not sell the club until they win something.
England manager Mark Sampson has been cleared by the Football Association of bullying and harassment claims made by Eniola Aluko.
Prison suicides in England and Wales rose to 88 in 2013-14, the highest number in 10 years, the chief inspector of prisons has said.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan is set to name his squad for the friendlies against Czech Republic and Slovakia later this month.
Two people have been arrested following a security alert in Wrexham.
Northampton flanker Ben Foden says he will have to push himself "to the limit" if he is to compete with England team-mate Mike Brown in the Six Nations.
Ding Junhui was knocked out of the UK Championship in the first round with a 6-0 defeat by Ryan Duffy.
A free school breakfast scheme in Blackpool should be extended, researchers have said.
One of the longest-serving head teachers in the country has announced his retirement.
Solihull Moors have signed Rushall Olympic left-back Jordan Smith on loan until the end of the season.
The death of a man whose remains were found in a Gwynedd forest is being treated as suspicious, police have said.
As a child growing up in Orkney in the 1980s, I remember walking through the streets of my township in the early hours of New Year's Day.
The Hong Kong government has announced plans to create a "one-stop" terminal for passengers travelling between Hong Kong and mainland China.
Australia is to send more troops to Afghanistan as part of the Nato mission against the Taliban.
A man has died after being hit by a van in Glasgow.
The government has been accused of "turning back the clock to 1850s" by a teachers' union.
The Unite and CWU unions have said they are "fully committed" to finding a solution to the Royal Mail pension dispute.
Jersey Warriors' new head coach Chris Stevens says the club are aiming for a top-four finish in the Championship.
The world's first tailless, jet-powered unmanned warplane has made its first test flight.
Shares in chipmaker Qualcomm fell more than 10% in after-hours trading after the company announced plans to cut costs.
Two people have been rescued after a fire broke out in a lounge at a house in Birmingham.
China has executed five Uighur men in the western province of Xinjiang, state news agency Xinhua says.
A community hall which was threatened with closure has reopened after a 10,000-signature petition.
A three-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Barry.
If you were mis-sold payment protection insurance (PPI) then you may find that the compensation you receive depends on which credit card provider you use.
Pee can be used to power all sorts of things, including your phone!
Facebook says it has produced detailed maps of the world's population for the first time.
Widnes missed the chance to win the Challenge Cup for the first time since 2012 as they were beaten by Warrington.
The organisers of this year's E3 Harelbeke have agreed to remove a poster which appears to show a cyclist pinching a podium girl.
Kai is a 12-year-old schoolboy from South Sudan who has been living in a refugee camp for more than two years.
Two police officers have been left shaken after a brick was thrown at their car in Ballymena, County Antrim.
Emma Watson has said there's no country in the world where all women can expect to receive the same rights as men.
The rail regulator has said Network Rail needs to do more to improve the reliability of its services.
Morocco were knocked out of the Africa Cup of Nations in the quarter-finals as Mohamed Abdel-Moneim scored twice in extra-time to beat Egypt.
Two police officers have been ordered to face a misconduct hearing over comments they made about Andrew Mitchell.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Caterham, south London, may have been the victim of a stabbing, an inquest has heard.
A moustache contest is being held in Dover to mark the 70th anniversary of one of the UK's oldest Beard Clubs.
Police in Zambia have arrested more than 100 Chinese nationals suspected of illegal mining, state media report.
Two Kilcoo players have been suspended by the Ulster Council following an investigation into allegations of racial abuse.
John McEnroe has urged Australian Nick Kyrgios to "work harder at his game" after his shock Wimbledon exit.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has met Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City to discuss the US-Mexico border wall.
A drug used to treat type-2 diabetes may extend the lifespan of middle-aged men, a study in mice suggests.
A man has died following a "targeted attack" in a Denbighshire car park.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have released prop Chris Bailey, half-back Joe Cox and prop Chris Dodds.
A car has crashed into a building in Glasgow city centre after police gave up their pursuit.
Sunderland midfielder Luca Giaccherini has joined Italian Serie A side Fiorentina on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
An archaeological dig at a medieval castle has uncovered "major" finds, Durham University has said.
The former editor of the Sun newspaper, Ken MacKenzie, has described comments he made about a mixed-race footballer as "racist".
Torquay United have been taken over by a group of property developers from Hong Kong.
Vulnerable adults in England and Wales are not getting the support they need from appropriate adults, a Home Office report has found.
Here is the full list of British and Irish Lions players for the 2013-14 season.
Substitute Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini scored their first Premier League goals of the season as Manchester United beat Leicester at Old Trafford.
Plans to make non-payment of the BBC licence fee a civil offence have been backed by the government.
The UK's prime minister has offered EU citizens living in the UK the chance to stay after Brexit.
Two of the men accused of being part of the Barcelona terror cell have appeared in court in Madrid.
A drug dealer accused of murdering a man with a crossbow has told a jury he had "absolutely nothing" to do with the killing.
A convicted murderer who absconded from a prison has been arrested.
Rory McIlroy says he is "totally fine" to play at this week's US Open despite missing the first two tournaments of the season.
David Lammy has said he is considering a bid to become Labour's next leader.
A former NHS chief executive has admitted defrauding the NHS out of more than £11,000.
Google is to allow advertisers to measure the impact of its adverts on the high street.
An 18-year-old woman has been sexually assaulted by a man she was taken to a layby in Midlothian.
The UK's population grew by more than 500,000 last year, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League champions.
Guernsey have been drawn at home in the FA Cup second qualifying round for the first time since 2013.
Plans to build a bridge over the River Thames in London should be scrapped, a report has said.
A busy road in central London was closed for several hours after a water main burst.
"Death, taxes and another RHI story every day", reads the front page of the Belfast Telegraph on Thursday.
The husband of a dentist who took her own life has said the last few days have been the "worst" of his life.
A former Texas police officer has been charged with murder over the death of a black teenager.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "gaffe" about Bangladesh's Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has sparked a debate on social media.
Michael Pitcher is attempting to become the fastest solo rower across the Atlantic for the second time.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the only goal of the game as Portugal beat Sweden 1-0 in the first leg of their World Cup qualifier.
Five British sailors have been released on bail after spending more than a year in jail in India.
The Afghan government says it has regained control of the Sangin district in Helmand province from the Taliban.
As part of the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz, the BBC has been speaking to a former prisoner of war (PoW) from the Nazi death camp.
It's that time of year again - the Glastonbury Festival kicks off at 11:00 BST on Friday.
Twelve people had to be rescued after a fire broke out at a five-star hotel in Cardiff.
Ghana has been banned from drilling for oil in a disputed area off the coast of Ivory Coast, a UN tribunal has ruled.
More than 150 drivers were caught using their mobile phones while driving during a police operation which led to the deaths of four people.
The jury in the rape trial of footballer Ched Evans has been told to consider the case "calmly, objectively and without emotion".
The British and Irish Lions suffered a blow when Stuart Hogg was ruled out of Saturday's win over the Crusaders with a knee injury.
A conservation group has criticised the Scottish government's decision to remove a family of beavers found in Tayside.
Two men have been seen on the roof of a building in Bridgend city centre.
Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat has left the Premier League club after only eight games in charge.
The former chief executive of a young people's services company was accused of bullying staff and making appointments with a "heavy bias" towards black people.
More than 1,000 homes in Kirklees are to be fitted with solar panels as part of a £14m scheme.
Andy Murray has criticised the Lawn Tennis Association for not doing enough to help the next generation of British players.
Northampton Town midfielder Danny Richards says manager Chris Wilder has been "first class" since taking charge of the League Two club in November.
Olympic long jump champion Greg Rutherford has qualified for Saturday's final at the World Championships in London.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said "no-one should have to endure what the families and survivors of Hillsborough have been through".
The RSPCA has appealed for information after an injured pony was found dumped in a remote part of Lincolnshire.
The UK is to take in thousands of lone child refugees who have made it to Europe, David Cameron has announced.
Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has said he is not against beards, despite having shaved them off last year.
Dance act Coldplay have scored their first UK number one album with Alternative Light Source.
Cuban President Raul Castro has told the country's National Assembly to approve sweeping economic reforms.
The six teams in the inaugural Women's Cricket Super League (WCSL) will be based in England.
The number of students going to further education colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen by more than 20% in the past three years.
Hundreds of migrants are feared dead after two boats capsized off the coast of Libya on Thursday.
A ceasefire has started in the Syrian city of Aleppo.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has praised Andy Woodward for his bravery in speaking out about being sexually abused by a coach as a child.
Dundee Waterfront has been given the go-ahead for the creation of two new gardens.
Ulster have appointed Jim Clarke as their new forwards coach on a two-year contract.
Leeds Rhinos half-back Jamie Galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an Achilles injury.
US Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III has named Bubba Watson as one of five assistant captains for Friday's match against Europe.
Lewis Hamilton says he hopes Mercedes do not impose team orders on him and team-mate Nico Rosberg.
The families of 10 British soldiers who died in World War One have been told they are related to them.
Andriy Yarmolenko and Evgen Seleznyov scored as Ukraine beat Slovenia to take a 2-0 lead into the second leg of their Euro 2016 play-off.
Ospreys were "devastated" by their failure to reach the Champions Cup quarter-finals, according to fly-half Gareth Rees.
A new stretch of motorway between Edinburgh and Glasgow has opened to traffic.
Match of the Day Kickabout takes a look at the history of the Football League.
Serena Williams says she does not deserve to be paid less than male players because of her sex.
Mental health services for children and young people in England are "grossly lacking", according to a new report.
An Israeli Arab suspected of killing three people in Tel Aviv on Sunday has been shot dead by security forces.
A man has been jailed for five-and-a-half years for attempting to murder a father-of-two.
A California woman accused of plotting to kill her boyfriend has posted a record $100m (£65m) bail, her lawyer has said.
There has been a sharp fall in the number of people qualified to work in nurseries in England, according to industry leaders.
The chair of the US Federal Reserve has said the case for an interest rate rise has "strengthened".
Shares in bookmaker Paddy Power Betfair fell 9% after the company reported a loss for 2016.
A few years ago, I had a fake girlfriend.
The first Black History Month awards have been handed out, including one for a tennis player who was brought to Wales as an asylum seeker.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Inverness.
Joe Root has been confirmed as Alastair Cook's successor as England Test captain.
A meeting has been held to "condemn" a police training exercise which portrayed Muslims as terrorists.
Star Wars actor John Boyega is giving back to the London theatre company where he was a member.
Dundee extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with a comfortable victory over Ross County.
MPs have been heckled as they debated the plight of women who have lost out on state pensions.
A Ceredigion university's "hidden history" is set to be revealed after it was awarded £1.5m in lottery funding.
Institute Football Club have been forced to cancel their Championship game against Ballyclare on Friday because of the damage caused by Tuesday's flooding.
Notts County have appointed former BBC Radio Nottingham presenter Chris Fletcher as their new chief executive.
A row has broken out in Germany over how to distribute asylum seekers across the country.
Scientists are analysing ancient sediments from the deep-sea in a bid to shed light on climate change.
Thousands of Kenyan doctors have gone on strike for the first time in more than a decade, disrupting services at hospitals across the country.
Three US marines have been killed and two others injured after an aircraft crashed off the coast of Australia.
SSPCA officers have been called out to deal with an escaped corn snake, only to discover it was made of plastic and had its mouth open.
The first of eight new Royal Navy frigates to be built on the Clyde will be built next summer, the defence secretary has confirmed.
At least 20 people have been killed in an attack on a hospital in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
Royal Welsh Fusiliers have marched through Conwy to mark the 150th anniversary of the first Royal goat.
Indian nurses who were kidnapped by Islamist militants in Iraq have been reunited with their families in the southern state of Kerala.
St Johnstone's Gary Anderson says Rangers' John Kiernan should face a Scottish FA disciplinary hearing over an alleged punch.
Luton Town manager Nathan Sweet says his side have the potential to reach the Premier League if they are promoted from League Two.
Brechin City twice came from behind to draw with Livingston in Scottish League One.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would allow his MPs a "free vote" on UK air strikes in Syria.
A reconstruction of the face of a Copper Age man has been produced by experts at Dundee University.
Shares in the US restaurant chain Chipotle have fallen more than 7% after US health officials said an outbreak of E. coli was linked to the company.
The mother of a teenage girl who was allegedly sexually assaulted on Facebook Live has said she is afraid to return to her Chicago home.
Tsai Ing-wen is not your average politician.
British pair Andy Murray and James Ward are both through to the last 32 of Wimbledon for the first time.
An MP has said it would be a "disgrace" for the government to pull the plug on the £1bn Swansea Bay tidal lagoon.
The number of animal cruelty cases reported to the RSPCA in Wales fell last year, the charity has said.
The 2015 Formula 1 season gets under way in Australia on Sunday.
Armed police were called to a coach travelling on the M6 Toll in Staffordshire after a report of "suspicious activity".
Four London councils have spent more than £1m on legal action against the third runway at Heathrow Airport.
Heavy rain and strong winds from Storm Axel have caused flooding and power cuts in northern Germany.
The Pantheon mausoleum in Paris has inducted four members of the French Resistance into its hall of fame.
A 90-year-old woman is in a stable condition in hospital after being attacked by a man in her home.
American Charley Hoffman took a four-shot lead into the final round of the Masters at Augusta after a stunning first round.
Plans for automatic pardons for gay and bisexual men convicted of sexual offences are to be considered by the Northern Ireland Assembly.
A teacher who used a personal email account to contact a pupil has been struck off.
A motoring festival in Coventry has been cancelled because of council funding cuts.
A total of 17 police forces are investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse in football.
Phil Taylor will face Peter Wright in the Premier League semi-finals on Thursday.
Imagine having to change on a dirty floor or squashing yourself into the back of your car just because there isn't a bench and hoist in the toilet.
A Syrian activist group says one of its members has been killed by Islamic State (IS) militants.
Too many young people are "drifted into further studies or their first job, which often has no real prospect of progression", a House of Lords report says.
China has launched an anti-phishing campaign on its internet search engines.
Video replays are being tested in Major League Soccer for the first time.
Zambia have been drawn in the same group as hosts South Korea for the Under-20 World Cup.
Do you ever feel sad or worried about something you've seen, heard or read in the news?
Politicians have been reacting to the news that a prison officer who was injured in a bomb attack last week has died.
Venezuela has closed its western border with Colombia in an attempt to cut down on the smuggling of cheap goods.
Poland has one of the world's largest media industries.
British number one Johanna Konta missed out on a place in the last 16 of the Madrid Open as she lost 6-4 7-5 to Karolina Pliskova.
Work has started on a £30m retail development in Merthyr Tydfil.
Cardiff Blues wing James Botham has made his debut for Wales at the Rugby World Cup.
Britain's Chris Froome retained the leader's yellow jersey as Michael Matthews won stage 10 of the Tour de France.
If you have been sexually abused by a member of the media, such as Jimmy Savile, there are a number of ways you can report it.
Ukrainian and pro-Russian rebels in the east of the country have begun the process of withdrawing heavy weapons as part of a peace deal.
Royal Mail has warned of a "material risk" to its letter delivery business, as it reported a fall in profits.
Daniel Radcliffe has admitted he is "by far one of the least educated people on Shakespeare and Hamlet".
Four Russian women wounded in a mortar attack in Syria have been awarded the Order of Courage by the Kremlin.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt says New Zealand will be "fully loaded" for Saturday's second Test in Dublin.
The director general of Argentina's police, Gen Rodolfo Palomino, is to be investigated for corruption, Attorney General Luis Ordonez has announced.
Lionel Messi scored his first La Liga goal of the season as Barcelona came from behind to beat Atletico Madrid.
Johanna Konta was left in tears after Romania's Ilie Nastase was sent off the court during their Fed Cup tie on Saturday.
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy has been named in the Professional Footballers' Association World XI for the first time.
League Two side Leyton Orient have extended the loan spell of midfielder Paul McShane until the end of the season.
Two explosions on buses in the Kenyan capital Nairobi have killed at least seven people and wounded at least 40 others, officials say.
A 15-year-old girl who allegedly had sex with England footballer Adam Johnson told a police officer she was "well up for it" when she met him for a "thank you kiss".
British IndyCar driver Justin Wilson has died after a crash in Sunday's race.
A three-year-old girl who was airlifted to hospital after a crash which killed her mother and three other people has been discharged.
Michael Barnes suffered a shock defeat on his professional debut as he was knocked out in the first round by Bulgarian Nikita Slavchev in Belfast.
Theresa May has said she is "confident" she will have a "great deal" to discuss with Donald Trump when they meet in Washington next week.
The UK's gross domestic product (GDP) is a measure of economic activity and is one of the key indicators used by the Bank of England to set interest rates.
Scotland's education secretary has launched an online resource which gives teachers and school leaders access to "effective interventions".
Greece has said it will not take Britain to court over its demand for the return of the Parthenon Marbles.
The government has overspent on social security by £2.5bn since 2010, a think tank has said.
Albania qualified for Euro 2016 for the first time with a comfortable 3-0 win over Armenia in Yerevan.
A committee of MSPs has launched an inquiry into the safety of high-rise flats following the Grenfell Tower fire in London.
Odion Ighalo scored twice as Watford beat Newcastle to move off the bottom of the Premier League.
Work has started on the first phase of a £10m regeneration project in Fishguard, Pembrokeshire.
One of Ukraine's most prominent anti-government activists, Olexander Kalashnikov, has been found dead in his flat in the capital Kiev.
The French centre-right presidential candidate, Nicolas Sarkozy, has dismissed a book by his former adviser, Patrick Buisson, accusing him of "acts of treachery".
National League side Wrexham are interested in signing Plymouth Argyle striker Jordan Harvey.
The room where the Duke of Wellington slept when he died has been recreated for a new exhibition at Walmer Castle.
People are happier and more relaxed when they look at fish in an aquarium, a study has found.
Easyjet is planning to use drones to inspect and repair its fleet of planes.
The new trailer for the next James Bond film, Spectre, has been released.
Hundreds of workers at a Walkers crisps factory in County Durham are to lose their jobs.
A former recording studio in Granada has been turned into a music video studio.
Russian authorities are carrying out a series of unannounced inspections of non-governmental organisations (NGOs), activists say.
The swine flu vaccine Pandemrix has been linked to narcolepsy in children in the UK.
The UK has more universities in the top 200 of the Times Higher Education World University Rankings than any other country.
Two giant Welsh dragon sculptures have been unveiled at Caernarfon Castle.
A woman who admitted fraud and embezzlement while working as an estate agent has been given a community payback order.
Parents in Australia are being urged to vaccinate their children against diseases such as measles and whooping cough.
Oscar Pérez, a member of Venezuela's elite forensic police force, has been on the run since he attacked the Supreme Court in Caracas on Tuesday.
The SNP has been confirmed as the official third largest party at Westminster.
Scientists have sequenced the genome of ash trees for the first time in the UK.
With less than a week to go until Americans go to the polls, we take a look at what's going on in the race for the White House.
Residents of a luxury street in the US city of San Francisco say they are "shocked" after it was sold by the city for unpaid taxes.
Maxime Biamou scored twice as Sutton came from behind to beat Gateshead in the National League.
The bodies of two climbers have been found on the Matterhorn in Switzerland, the Swiss Alpine Club has said.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain has been banned for four games after being sent off in Saturday's defeat by Chievo.
Parents of smoking children are being warned about the dangers of passive smoking.
Mental health patients at Bracknell Forest Hospital are to be asked for their views on the services they receive.
Plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol in pubs and clubs in Scotland should be scrapped, a House of Lords committee has said.
Plans for a £50m surfing lagoon in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead after the Welsh government approved £3.5m of funding.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 5-0 to take a 1-0 lead in the best-of-seven World Series.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo said his team were "running around like ducks" during the Monaco Grand Prix.
Brighton & Hove Albion fans have criticised "shocking" homophobic chanting by Leicester City fans during a Premier League match.
A large bonfire has been set alight in west Belfast.
Donald Trump is not going to win the US presidential election.
Kirsten Purve-Jorendal is a Danish woman who was trafficked to India in the 1970s where she was given up for adoption.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo set the pace in first practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
A serial killer who is serving a life sentence for a string of murders could be moved to a prison, the BBC understands.
Plans to centralise Welsh-medium education in a Powys high school have been rejected by the full council.
Tom DeLonge has denied reports that he has quit Blink 182.
Firefighters had to cut a hole in a tyre to free a woman who became wedged inside.
Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo is playing "emotional but very clean", says manager Jose Mourinho.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has apologised for her role in a corruption scandal that has engulfed her government.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-year old boy was hit by a car in Merthyr Tydfil.
More than 100,000 people have signed an online petition calling for the death penalty to be debated in Parliament.
A three-year-old boy has died on a farm in Maguiresbridge, County Fermanagh.
South African prosecutors have applied for permission to appeal against the sentence given to athlete Oscar Pistorius for killing his girlfriend.
Dunsfold Park aerodrome in Waverley, Surrey, has lost a High Court bid to have its planning permission revoked.
Oxford United manager Michael Appleton has no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's FA Cup fourth-round tie against Newcastle United.
US retail giant Walmart has agreed to sell its Yihaodian brand to Chinese e-commerce giant JD.com for an undisclosed sum.
A former Welsh Secretary has accused the UK government of "breaking a manifesto commitment" over plans to devolve income tax powers without a referendum.
UKIP would set up a dedicated veterans' minister if it wins the general election, the party has said.
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories of the past 12 months.
The government is "hardening" its stance on renewable energy subsidies, the BBC understands.
A service to mark the centenary of a World War One ambulance unit is being held in Cardiff.
Great Britain's Marcus Ellis and Chris Langridge won Olympic bronze in the men's badminton doubles with a dramatic final-game win in Rio.
Just over a week ago London Underground commuters were hit by the worst strike in the history of the network.
Coventry City's Supporters' Trust has said it does not condone anti-social and illegal acts after fans threw smoke bombs and flares during Saturday's League One defeat at Rochdale.
China has said it will work with the US on the "denuclearisation" of the Korean peninsula.
Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has received a £500,000 donation to help fund the restoration of its fire-damaged Mackintosh building.
David Beckham has posed for a photo with a paramedic who saved the lives of six people in a rollercoaster crash.
A High Court judge has ruled that Stormont's environment minister Mark Durkan breached the ministerial code by approving a controversial planning blueprint.
League Two side Portsmouth have signed Chesterfield midfielder Drew Talbot on a one-year deal.
New Hartlepool United manager Lee Hignett says he has been taken by surprise by the quality of the players he has inherited.
Actor George Cole, who has died at the age of 91, was best known for his role as a cockney rogue in the 1960s TV series Minder.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed down by 0.7% after the Bank of England decided not to cut interest rates.
Thousands of firefighters in England and Wales have gone on strike in a dispute over changes to their pensions.
Every home and business in the UK is to have fast broadband by 2020.
Police in Colombia have arrested two people for allegedly running an operation to sabotage peace talks between the government and Farc rebels in Cuba.
The Football Association has appointed Baroness Campbell as its new chief executive.
Manchester United have named midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger in their squad for the Europa League.
Two security guards have been threatened with a knife during an armed robbery at a bank in Edinburgh.
US President Donald Trump has withdrawn the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
The funeral has taken place in Perth of John and Ann Graham, one of three Scots killed in the Tunisia terror attack.
A pair of underwear worn by Queen Victoria are to be sold at auction.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson was unhappy with the challenge that led to Jack Hamilton's red card in his side's win over Partick Thistle.
Former Wales defender Dean Saunders has been offered a free parking spot at an airport after he left his car at the start of Euro 2016.
Kettering's Neil Wilson says his record-equalling run of five consecutive centuries in a German Open quarter-final was the "perfect antidote" to his recent injury problems.
Shrinking products are being sold at a lower price in supermarkets, according to a consumer group.
The mother of a baby whose remains were found in a plastic bag 12 months ago is being sought by police.
Britain's Chris Froome maintained his overall lead in the Tour de France as Jarlinson Pantano sprinted to victory on stage 15.
The government has confirmed that the main route of the HS2 high-speed rail line between London and Manchester will run through South Yorkshire.
Ten-man Barnsley suffered their first league defeat of the season as Chesterfield won at Oakwell.
EDF, the French energy firm behind the Hinkley Point nuclear power station, is set to announce next week whether it will go ahead with the project.
A dead fin whale has been found washed up on a Norfolk beach.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the Rangers v Celtic match at Celtic Park last month.
A BBC Persian presenter has said she was prevented from travelling to the US because her mother was born in Iran.
Pupils who are able and talented are not being given enough support in the education system, according to the education watchdog Estyn.
A man who bit off half of a colleague's ear in an "unprovoked" attack has been jailed for eight years.
Australia's government has been accused of trying to "gag" doctors and nurses by threatening them with up to two years in prison if they reveal information about asylum seekers' health.
Neil Gaiman's novel The Ocean at the End of the Lane has been named the UK's Book of the Year.
The Great British Bake Off is back on our TV screens this weekend - but who can give us their verdict on the contestants?
A health regulator has launched an investigation into the management of the Christie Hospital in Manchester.
Scientists have recreated what they believe to be the ancestor of modern molluscs.
Derry City and Strabane District Council has said it will not be able to find a new home for the city's Evening Post newspaper.
The parents of a soldier who died on an SAS selection march have said they are "extremely disappointed" the UK government will not remove the MoD's immunity from prosecution.
A man has been arrested after a car was stolen from a farm and led police on a high-speed chase.
Former Plaid Cymru presiding officer Lord Elis-Thomas has said the party is "not willing to seriously participate" in government.
Donald Trump's election as US president has had a profound impact on the world of business.
Amnesty International has accused the US and other countries of adopting a " dehumanizing agenda for political expediency" in 2016.
There has been a lot of talk about the forthcoming strikes by junior doctors in England.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is set to join Bath from French club Racing 92.
Concerns have been raised about the condition of some of the personal belongings of poet Edward Thomas.
Sussex batsman Matt Machan hit a career-best 171 as his side dominated day one against Worcestershire at Hove.
Former Barcelona midfielder Xavi believes Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola can change the mentality of English football.
More than 1,000 patients have been stuck in hospital for more than six weeks in the last three months, according to Scottish government figures.
Maoist rebels should be allowed to run trains through their strongholds even during the night, India's railways minister has said.
Thousands of tiny "Tour de France" pullovers are to be knitted in Cambridge in a bid to promote the city.
A man has been charged with wasting police time after he was arrested in connection with an alleged robbery in Inverness.
Tunisia is a nation in shock - and its tourism lifeline is under serious threat.
A 29-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a fire at a Florida mosque that was frequented by the gunman who killed 49 people at a gay nightclub.
The Mountaineering Association of Scotland (MBA) has urged hillwalkers to help keep mountain bothies tidy.
Wakefield came from behind to beat Catalans Dragons at the Halliwell Jones Stadium.
Gloucester centre Mark Atkinson has signed a new one-year contract with the Premiership club.
Former England striker Jimmy Greaves, who was due to be inducted into Tottenham's Hall of Fame later this month, has suffered a stroke.
Celtic extended their unbeaten league run to 46 games as they thrashed Partick Thistle at Firhill.
Two second-half goals helped Queen's Park to victory over Montrose in Scottish League Two.
Burnley defender Ben Jones has signed a new one-year contract with the Premier League club.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has said it has been the victim of a hacking attack.
League One side MK Dons have re-signed Bradford City striker Jordan Rhodes on a season-long loan deal.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump says he would ban Mexicans from sending money overseas to pay for a border wall with Mexico.
The Conservatives have won the South Wales East seat in the assembly election.
Ross County boss Jim McIntyre has been nominated for the Scottish Professional Football League manager of the year award.
The UK's Supreme Court has agreed to hear an appeal by a celebrity who wants to be named over allegations of extra-marital sex.
South African President Jacob Zuma's decision to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has been widely criticised.
Hull City have confirmed they are in talks with a potential buyer for the Premier League club.
The head of Cecil the lion, which was shot dead by a US dentist, could be put on display in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park, a conservationist has said.
Substitute Nicky Ajose's stoppage-time penalty rescued a point for Charlton at Gillingham.
The government has announced changes to the child benefit system, which will affect millions of people.
The police and crime commissioner for Devon and Cornwall has announced he will not be seeking re-election in 2016.
Swansea City have appointed Alan Curtis as loan player manager.
A youth football club has cancelled matches after travellers set up camp next to their changing rooms.
Culture venues in Paris have reopened following Friday's attacks, in which 130 people were killed.
London Welsh's hopes of reaching the British & Irish Cup quarter-finals have been dealt a blow after they were knocked out of the competition.
Glamorgan's hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals were ended by Dawid Malan's unbeaten 150 for Middlesex at Lord's.
The boss of a hospital under threat of closure has accused the health watchdog of "tradinguced the reputation of a popular hospital".
Police have released CCTV images of two people they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a teenager in Aberdeen.
The number of dog attacks in Wales rose by more than a third in 2016, figures obtained by BBC Radio Wales show.
Heather Rabbatts, the Football Association's first black and minority ethnic (BME) board member, is to step down after five years.
Jos Buttler scored the fastest century in one-day international history as England beat Pakistan by eight wickets to win the series 2-1.
Two people have been arrested after a car hit and killed two cyclists.
A Peebles-based online tyre retailer has been bought by the Michelin Group for an undisclosed sum.
A draft report on the future of Wales' national parks has been criticised by conservationists.
Former England all-rounder James Tremlett has announced his retirement from cricket.
A car with virtual buttons has been unveiled at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
Three fishermen have been rescued after their boat capsized off the west coast of Scotland.
The right-wing Law and Justice (PiS) party has won Poland's general election, ending the coalition government of Civic Platform.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has claimed the US election will be "rigged" in favour of his Democratic rival.
A six-year-old boy's death was "preventable" and could have been prevented if an optometrist had done her job properly, a court has heard.
Burton Albion came from behind to beat Birmingham City and move off the bottom of the Championship.
Salford Red Devils prop Josh Garbutt says he is "very disappointed" after being banned for punching an opponent in Saturday's Super League defeat by Hull FC.
A memorial service has been held in Somerset for a missing yachtsman who went missing off the coast of Massachusetts in May.
A £30m contribution from Falkirk's local government pension scheme is to be used to invest in social housing.
Sean Dickson hit his second Championship century of the season as Kent were bowled out for 412 by Derbyshire at Canterbury.
A man has been arrested after a woman was sexually assaulted in Cardiff city centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mathew Nyaungwa reflects on his life as a diamond miner in Sierra Leone.
Plans for the extension of the London Underground's Northern Line have been given the go-ahead.
The transport minister has dismissed claims of a "conspiracy theory" over plans to devolve the Wales and Border rail franchise to the Welsh government.
Tim Peake and his team on the International Space Station found a hidden Space Invaders game while working on a project.
At least 20 people have been killed in a gun and bomb attack on a hotel in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou.
A 25-year-old man has died in a crash involving a car and a lorry on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway.
A Bangladeshi man who spent 15 years in prison in Pakistan after illegally crossing the border from India has been reunited with his family.
Up to 80,000 customers of US software firm mSpy have had their financial and personal data leaked on the dark web, the company has said.
Twitter's boss has told Newsbeat they need to do more to stop abuse on the social network.
The UK's Serious Fraud Office (SFO) should be asked to investigate corruption allegations surrounding the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, an MP has said.
McLaren chairman Ron Dennis has been told by his fellow shareholders that his contract will not be renewed, BBC Sport understands.
Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has denied receiving illegal payments, after a newspaper published documents it said showed he had received them.
Two migrants have been killed in separate incidents while trying to cross the Channel to the UK.
Britain's Nasser Yafai won the vacant WBC world super-flyweight title with a unanimous points victory in Birmingham.
Campaigners have welcomed a decision to extend opening hours at a Hampshire country park.
A Sinn Féin MLA has been ordered to apologise for a tweet about a former Ulster Unionist Party (UDR) MP.
The killing of al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden is an "embarrassment" for Pakistan's intelligence agency, the country's foreign ministry has said.
A US student who posted videos of himself firing a gun and a flamethrower from a drone is taking legal action over his expulsion.
Delays at the new Elephant and Castle roundabout have been described as "shock horror" by road users.
Middlesex all-rounder Paul Stirling and England one-day captain Eoin Morgan hit centuries as they beat Kent by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Lord's.
Asian shares traded mixed on Friday as investors remained cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve's interest rate decision next week.
Reformists in Iran have won a landslide victory in parliamentary elections.
Rangers' signing of Bruno Alves is the "perfect fit" for manager Pedro Caixinha's side, according to ex-Rangers defender Mick McCarthy.
Bydd yr Eisteddfod Genedlaethol yn cael ei chynnal ym Modedern ar Ynys Môn rhwng 4-12 Awst.
A motorcyclist has died after an accident at a track in Suffolk.
More than 800,000 chemists and Druggists in India are set to go on strike in protest against online drug sales.
Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin's endorsement of Donald Trump has been met with a mixture of shock and dismay.
An Anglesey gardener has said he is "devastated" after flood water swept away many of his favourite plants.
For many people Nick Griffin was the leader of the British National Party (BNP).
Pupils in Northern Ireland are being given advice on how to cope with the stress of moving from primary to secondary school.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of stealing a sculpture of a sheep painted on a street in Wrexham.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he has not given up hope of signing Wales midfielder Joe Allen.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) has questioned a former partner of the Isle of Man law firm involved in the Nama property deal.
Blackburn Rovers have signed Aston Villa defender Adil Suliman on loan until the end of the season.
If you want to make a difference in the world of politics, there are few better places to start than in the House of Commons.
The US state department has said it will release a further instalment of sanctions against Iran over its nuclear programme.
Great Britain's Eurobasket qualifying campaign got off to a poor start as they lost to the Netherlands in their final warm-up game.
The Royal Bank of Scotland has unveiled its new polymer £10 note, 30 years after the last one came into circulation.
US President Barack Obama has urged Americans not to despair after a gunman killed five police officers in Dallas last week.
A snake had to be rescued after it became wedged between the wing of a plane and the engine during a high-speed flight.
German media group Axel Springer has bought a majority stake in US news website Business Insider from Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
Families in Warrington are to be given free transport to a new leisure centre in a bid to boost participation in sport.
Nasa's Kepler telescope has discovered 216 new 'exoplanets' since it was launched in 2009.
More than 30 puppies have been seized in a "shocking" operation to smuggle them into Wales.
Nigel Farage has said it is "completely mad" to allow EU migrants to claim out-of-work benefits for longer than three months.
The future of a "brilliant" modernist building at Durham University is under threat.
The Rollright Stones in the Cotswolds have been awarded a Dark Sky Discovery award.
A body found in the River Severn has been confirmed as that of a missing man.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in Friday's opening practice session at the Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod.
The narrowness of dunes at a Denbighshire beach is a "cause for serious concern", a report has said.
ScotRail has confirmed it will run fewer trains on Sundays after a dispute with drivers' union Aslef.
Hungary's foreign minister, Peter Szijjarto, says his country will not backtrack on controversial laws opposed by the European Union.
At first glance, it does not look like much.
Hackers may have been able to access the payment card numbers of customers of Topps, the company that makes sports memorabilia.
India set a record target of 300 to beat South Africa and complete a 3-0 series whitewash in the third Test in Mohali.
The number of people caught using a mobile phone while driving in Wales has risen since changes to the law came into force.
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a donkey was stabbed at a farm in Monmouthshire.
A council has said it has run out of suitable land to bury people after spending more than £1m looking for a new burial site.
Five people have been shot at a party hosted by Chris Brown in California.
The US has agreed to sell military aircraft to Nigeria for the first time in more than a decade, US media report.
MPs have rejected a bid to make sex selective abortion illegal in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Plans to build up to 4,000 homes in a garden village in Surrey have been given the go-ahead.
Global agriculture is the biggest source of greenhouse gas emissions, according to the UN's food agency.
A theatre producer has been jailed for three years for defrauding the Welsh government out of more than £100,000.
Swansea City boss Paul Clement says he does not know whether Chelsea captain John Terry will continue to play in the Premier League.
Gavin Robinson has criticised those campaigning for the UK to leave the EU.
The head of Afghanistan's security forces, Gen Ashraf Zahir, has been replaced.
The number of centenarians in the UK is expected to hit 14,500 by 2035, according to a new report.
The extinction of some of the UK's most threatened butterfly species could begin as early as 2050, according to a new study.
A motorcyclist is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a lorry on the A75 in Dumfries and Galloway.
A Cardiff-based IT company is creating 300 new jobs.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the more unusual stories from the continent in 2016.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in an Essex shopping centre.
A father and son jailed for the murder of a pensioner have had their sentences increased on appeal.
Oldham in Greater Manchester is the most deprived town in England, according to a new study.
Michael Ball is to co-host this year's Olivier Awards, it has been announced.
A commemorative tree is to be planted in Carmarthenshire to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of landscape gardener Capability Brown.
The daughter of a British couple killed in a plane crash in New Zealand has paid tribute to her "everything" mother.
The number of Scottish businesses going into administration has fallen, according to new figures from accountancy firm KPMG.
Derry and Cavan have made changes to their teams for Saturday's All-Ireland Football qualifiers.
A police community support officer (PCSO) has been jailed for three years for passing information to a violent drug dealer.
A man who killed his landlord with a microwave oven has been jailed for life.
Viewsnight is BBC Newsnight's new place for ideas and opinion.
A Scottish man who went missing in India has been found.
Patient safety will be compromised by problems with the NHS 111 phone line, a health watchdog has warned.
Nottingham Forest have signed Mansfield Town striker Danny Green on a two-year deal.
Britain's Olympic taekwondo team may have been asked to train in saunas, according to a report in City AM.
Glamorgan's David Lloyd hit his first Championship century of the season to help his side to a draw against Sussex at Hove.
The chief executive of Airdrie Savings Bank is to leave the bank to take up the same role at Scotwest Bank.
An unlicensed money lender who made more than £33,000 by exploiting vulnerable people has paid back his victims.
The head of Jamaica's anti-doping agency has said he fears the country's track and field athletes may have failed drugs tests.
Former Juventus boss Antonio Conte has been named as the new coach of Italy.
Shrewsbury Town came from behind to beat Blackpool 3-2 in League One.
As the UK votes in the referendum on whether to stay in or leave the European Union, the debate has turned to infrastructure.
The body of former Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos is to be moved to a military cemetery in Manila, President Rodrigo Duterte has said.
Twelve men and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of slavery offences after they were found working in Chinese restaurants.
The number of migrants arriving on the Greek island of Lesbos has dropped dramatically since an EU deal with Turkey last week.
An 89-year-old woman has been given a new bike after it was stolen from her while she was in the supermarket.
The families of the seven people killed in the Clutha helicopter crash in Glasgow have said they are still waiting to learn why fuel did not reach the engines.
Mario Balotelli says he was about to leave the pitch after being racially abused by Roma fans.
A fundraising event in memory of two teenagers who were injured in a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers is to be held.
Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo has beaten Orson Welles's Citizen Kane to be named the world's best film of all time.
David Sweat, one of two inmates who escaped from a maximum security prison in New York state, has been recaptured, officials say.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed in Lancashire.
The US drinks giant Coca-Cola has reported a drop in profits for the first three months of the year.
A Cambodian community has set up an eco-tourism centre in the country's mangrove forests to attract tourists.
West Ham have signed Ravel Morrison from Manchester United for an undisclosed fee.
Republican presidential hopefuls have been reacting to the deadly shootings in San Bernardino, California, which some have linked to "radical Islamic terrorism".
An Oxford University college has banned a student who wore a Ku Klux Klan hood to a party.
A man has appeared in court following the seizure of drugs with a street value in the region of Â£3,750.
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says they have made the fans proud by reaching the last 16 of Euro 2016.
The number of teacher vacancies in northern Scotland has risen sharply in recent years, according to figures obtained by BBC Scotland.
Hollywood star George Clooney has surprised a 90-year-old woman with a visit to her care home.
Work to repair a sinkhole in a Hertfordshire village which left dozens of homes without power and water has begun.
Everton have signed Leicester City's head of recruitment Steve Walsh for an undisclosed fee.
The Republic of Ireland will be without Jon Walters and Robbie Keane for their Euro 2016 games against Sweden and Belgium.
Saracens fly-half Owen Farrell has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
A postman was left in a flap when he found his parcel had fallen down a toilet.
Matt Tubbs and Roarie Deacon scored as National League side Sutton United came from behind to beat League Two Cheltenham Town in the second round of the FA Cup.
Caravan, A Great British Love Story by Gareth Iwan Jones will be published in June.
An ex-serviceman has said he is "devastated" by the government's decision to close the inquiry into allegations of abuse by Iraqi civilians.
Nigeria's former governor of Delta state, James Ibori, has pleaded guilty to money-laundering charges in the UK.
A hotel in the Scottish Borders is looking for a new chief executive.
Scotland scrum-half Tim Visser has defended Vern Cotter's team selection for the World Cup match against South Africa.
Hundreds of people have attended a breastfeeding protest in Swansea in support of a mother from Staffordshire who was criticised for feeding her baby in public.
Fleetwood Town came from behind to beat League Two Southport 4-1 in extra time and reach the FA Cup second round.
A woman who had to travel to England to terminate twins with fatal foetal abnormalities has lost a legal challenge against the Department of Health.
As part of BBC Music Day, we're looking for your nominations for the UK's most influential musicians.
The NHS in England is "withering away", a group of senior doctors has warned in an open letter to voters.
The Mexican government says it has reached an agreement with a teachers' union to end a blockade of roads in the southern state of Oaxaca.
A magnitude 7.8 earthquake has struck off the coast of Vanuatu, the US Geological Survey has said.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said the government will take action against politicians who misuse public funds.
Crimestoppers has offered a £10,000 reward for information about the murder of schoolgirl Caroline McKeich.
Italy began their Euro 2016 campaign with victory over Belgium thanks to goals from Federico Pelle and Fabio Giaccherini.
Rory McIlroy is three shots behind leader Jaco van Zyl after the second round of the Turkish Open, while Thomas Dubuisson is two shots off the pace.
Olympic skeleton silver medallist Jamie Swift has announced his retirement from the sport.
Firefighters are still at the scene of a thatch roof fire at a house in Suffolk.
An NHS trust has apologised after the body of a former Conservative MEP was mistakenly sent to the funeral of a man with the same surname.
A new combined authority for Cambridgeshire and Peterborough has been told it will have to increase its budget by more than £500,000.
Britain's Jamie Lapthorne reached the Australian Open men's doubles final for the first time with a semi-final victory in Melbourne.
A huge snowstorm has hit the north-east of England, causing travel chaos.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train on a level crossing.
Gatwick has accused the chairman of the Airports Commission of "destroying" its case for expansion at Heathrow.
The Principality Stadium is in talks with boxing promoters about hosting a world heavyweight title fight, says its chief executive Mark Phillips.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has warned his side they need to change their mentality after promotion to the Scottish Premiership.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed midfielder Chris Weston following his release by League Two side Swindon Town.
A new online shop has been launched by the owners of BHS following the closure of the department store chain.
In the aftermath of the devastating floods in Bangladesh, Joba Rani had to sell three of her cows to pay off the instalments on her microfinance loan.
The US is "in the final stages" of drafting a plan to close the Guantanamo Bay prison, the White House has said.
A long-running dispute over pay and conditions on the Luas tram system in Dublin has been resolved.
A Conservative MP has been awarded more than Â£200,000 in damages after he was falsely accused of trading with the so-called Islamic State.
More than 100,000 people have signed a petition against a major trade deal between the European Union and the United States.
Former Bolton striker Chris Holdsworth has agreed to buy the club, BBC Radio Manchester understands.
Scotland made it two wins from two in the Six Nations with a hard-fought victory over Ireland at Murrayfield.
Scientists have used a gene-editing tool to shrink tumours in mice.
The future of Lydney Harbour in the Forest of Dean has been secured.
The 2011 Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded for the first time to a woman.
Belfast Devils moved level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff after beating the Capitals 2-0 at the SSE Arena on Thursday night.
Great Britain's Katherine Belcher won a silver medal at the Canoe Slalom World Championships in Milan to secure four Olympic places.
Ambulance crews were called to the scene of the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash within minutes, the West Midlands Ambulance Service has said.
A man has been detained by police in Sydney, Australia, after a security alert in the city centre.
Australian police have used tear gas and water cannon to quell unrest at the Christmas Island immigration detention centre.
Meat inspectors across the European Union are warning that changes to the way pig carcasses are inspected could lead to thousands of diseased animals going undetected.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have signed Chelsea defender Christian Dasilva on a season-long loan deal.
The parents of a teenager who drowned during a swimming lesson have been found guilty of child cruelty.
A building has collapsed in the northern Italian city of Naples, killing at least three people and leaving at least two missing.
Gateshead have signed former Hartlepool United and Carlisle United midfielder Chris Sweeney on a two-year deal.
UK astronaut Tim Peake has taken part in a live call with primary school children to answer their questions about life in space.
A "cowardly" Polish man has been jailed for beating a three-month-old baby to death in Lancashire.
A US teacher, Barbara Atwell, has been named the winner of the world's most prestigious teaching prize.
North Wales could benefit from the "Northern Powerhouse" and should be given more power by the Welsh assembly, the head of Greater Manchester has said.
Grimsby Town have signed former Bristol Rovers defender Gary McSheffrey on a two-year deal.
Adele has refused to accept her record of the year award at the Grammys, saying Beyonce is "the artist of my life".
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers said his side's 2-1 win over West Brom was "vital" for their Premier League survival hopes.
The UK government has agreed to allow Scotland to have its own divisional patent court.
A dress worn by Lupita Nyong'o at the Oscars has been stolen from the hotel where she was staying.
Radiohead have revealed they were asked to write the theme tune for the latest James Bond film, Spectre.
Great Britain beat the Netherlands 2-0 in their second match at the EuroHockey Championships in Amsterdam.
Police officers in England and Wales earn more than £100,000 a year in overtime pay, figures obtained by BBC 5 live suggest.
Archaeologists have discovered the remains of defensive walling at Edinburgh Castle.
An ice cream company in the Canadian province of Ontario has said it will help save a rural primary school from closure.
An environmental permit has been revoked for a recycling centre in Manchester which was badly damaged in a fire.
In our series of interviews with high-profile technology figures, Sir Jonathan Ive of Apple and Tony Fadell, founder of Nest, discuss their rivalry.
The Football Association has backed Michel Platini in his bid to become Fifa's next president.
Shrewsbury moved out of the League One relegation zone as they came from behind to beat Gillingham.
Plans for a £100m golf and tennis centre in Stirlingshire have been criticised by Stirling Council.
The RSPCA has warned people not to buy or keep raccoon dogs as pets.
Ed Miliband may have kissed Barbara Jones, but that didn't stop some of the delegates at Labour's conference in Brighton getting a bit jealous.
A US military plane was attacked by a Russian fighter jet over the Pacific Ocean, US officials say.
Snapchat's video-sharing service has passed one billion views a day for the first time.
Mobile phone company Three has apologised after some of its customers were unable to make or receive calls and texts.
An all-boys school in Sydney has banned its students from clapping during assemblies.
Wales' four MEPs were picked out by 12% of people who saw "their" names, a study has suggested.
"Bonkers Bruno locked up in mental home" was the headline on the front page of the Sunday Times in 2001.
Welsh taekwondo fighter Chloe Williams says she is feeling "added pressure" after winning gold at the European Championships.
Britain's IBF and WBA heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua has been given until the end of the month to agree a fight with American David Ortiz.
Nigeria's Football Federation (NFF) offices have been sealed off by police amid a power struggle between two rival factions.
The curlew has been added to the RSPBNI's list of birds of concern in Northern Ireland.
Burnley defender Michael Keane has been called up to the England squad to replace the injured Andy Johnson.
French author Michel Houellebecq has won the Goncourt Prize for fiction for his latest book, The Map and the Territory.
A cyclist has been killed in an apparent hit-and-run in south London.
France's Daniel Levy moved into a three-shot lead after the second round of the German Open at Bad Griesbach.
The former Battersea Power Station has been put up for sale for the first time.
Two Afghan soldiers have been killed in an insider attack in southern Afghanistan, the Nato-led coalition says.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend will name his final Scotland squad for the summer tour on Saturday.
Port Vale goalkeeper Callum Smith is attracting interest from Championship clubs, according to the club's director of football Steve Smurthwaite.
At least 11 people have been killed in a plane crash in southern Colombia, officials say.
China's manufacturing sector shrank at its fastest pace in more than two years in July, according to a closely watched survey.
Armando Izzo scored an own goal as Roma lost ground on Serie A leaders Juventus with a 1-0 defeat at Genoa.
A ceremony has been held at the Russian embassy in London to honour British sailors who served in World War II.
Four men have been charged in connection with the attempted murder of police officers in Lurgan, County Armagh.
Singer Selena Gomez has topped the UK album chart for the second week in a row.
Human remains found on a motorway in Shropshire have been identified by police.
The death toll from a cholera outbreak in Haiti has risen to more than 7,000, the health ministry says.
It was always going to be a tough decision for the Conservatives to scrap free school meals for infant pupils in England.
The UK's construction sector may have avoided recession, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Queen has revealed that Chinese officials threatened to cancel President Xi Jinping's state visit to the UK in October 2015.
Former Wrexham midfielder Dean Keates has been appointed as the club's new manager.
A man who was caught with herbal cannabis worth more than Â£100,000 has been jailed for six months.
A week of coverage by BBC News examining possible solutions to the problems caused by air pollution.
An 11-year-old pianist has made history by being nominated for a Grammy.
A 40-year-old woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a man at a care home in County Antrim.
The first minister has backed a campaign to force the German government to compensate victims of the Thalidomide scandal.
The European Space Agency's (ESA) Rosetta probe has made a stunning discovery about the comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he will not quit the race, despite growing pressure over comments he made about women.
A South African woman who appeared on the BBC as an expert on the Oscar Pistorius murder trial has been charged with fraud.
Former world number one Tomic said he was "bored" and "disrespectful" after losing to Alexander Zverev in the second round of Wimbledon.
Brazilian football star Neymar has been cleared of any wrongdoing in a tax case brought against him by his former club Barcelona.
Fidel Castro, the leader of Cuba, and the Queen, the world's longest-reigning monarch, were both born in the same year, in 1937.
A 15-year-old boy has been taken to hospital with head injuries after an alleged "honour-based violence" attack in Blackburn.
A book about the impact of autism on the brain has won the £20,000 Samuel Johnson Prize for popular science.
England forward Alex Danson has been named in the Great Britain squad for their two-Test series against the Netherlands.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a number of vehicles were set alight in Wiltshire.
The deputy first minister of Northern Ireland has spoken about the moment his mother found out he was a member of the IRA.
More than 1,000 people have been arrested in Northern Ireland as part of a crackdown on dissident republicans.
A man who admitted causing the death of a woman in a head-on crash in County Tyrone has been jailed for four years.
Two Syrian men have been found not guilty of killing Alan Kurdi while trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Greece.
South African scrum-half Ruan van Rooyen says the Pro12 could be a "huge door" for South African rugby players.
Israel "deeply regrets" the harm caused to Palestinian civilians during the 2014 Gaza war, its foreign ministry has said.
Scotland's World Cup qualifying campaign has been a nightmare from start to finish, and Friday night's 2-0 defeat by Poland was just the latest in a series of setbacks.
Welsh boxer Nathan Cleverly believes he can upset WBA champion Johannes Braehmer and regain his WBO world title.
A collection of 37 paintings by Sir Winston Churchill has been accepted for the nation by his widow.
On the third anniversary of the Manchester Arena attack, the city is still in shock.
A man has been arrested after a pensioner was hit with a crowbar during an attempted robbery in Londonderry.
Patrick "Tinie" Okogwu, one of the UK's most successful artists, is back in the studio to record his third album, Youth.
Aquascutum, whose trench coats were worn by British soldiers during the First World War, is set to be sold.
A cash machine in North Lanarkshire paid out more than £10,000 to customers who keyed in the wrong amount.
A Cardiff University building has been closed after asbestos was found.
Jersey's bid to join Uefa has been rejected by the governing body.
The number of trainee doctors in England is to be doubled, the government has announced.
Chris Ashton scored a hat-trick of tries as Premiership leaders Saracens thrashed Bath.
Cheltenham Town have signed Ollie Kashket from League Two side Leyton Orient for an undisclosed fee and Southampton defender Jack Gape on loan.
It is one of the most familiar phrases in football and, for some, it has become a familiar one as well.
A woman who lost more than £300,000 after being "lovebombed" by a man she met on a dating website has spoken of her ordeal.
A court in Japan has ruled that women must keep their maiden names when they marry and cannot take their husband's surname.
Ospreys scrum-half Ken Owens says his side's recent good form could be a "glitch" after they lost to Scarlets.
Nottinghamshire captain Chris Read says he is "confident" his side can win the One-Day Cup for the first time since 2006.
Strictly Come Dancing finalist Ore Oduba has revealed he was suffering from severe depression at the start of the year.
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is looking for a running mate to help him win the White House in November's election.
The number of poppy fields in Afghanistan increased by more than a third last year, according to the UN.
The Supreme Court has ruled that parents should not be allowed to take their children on holiday outside of school terms.
The woman at the centre of claims of historical child sex abuse against Sir Edward Heath has said she had "no involvement" with the former prime minister.
The ban on blood donations from men who have ever had sex with men in the UK has been lifted.
Saracens have signed England centre Calum Clark from Premiership rivals Leeds Rhinos for the 2017-18 season.
Greece will hold a referendum on 5 July on whether to accept the terms of an EU-IMF bailout.
It's been three years since England beat Australia in a one-day international at Edgbaston.
Lancashire missed out on a place in the One-Day Cup quarter-finals after rain washed out their match against Warwickshire.
The Six Nations could be "mixed with players' health" if it is reduced from seven to six weeks, according to Welsh Rugby Union chairman Gareth Davies.
A body has been found in the search for a cyclist who went missing in Cornwall.
One of Wales' best-preserved Victorian cemeteries is to undergo a £1.1m revamp.
Nurses and other health workers could be used to fill gaps in the NHS in England to help deal with the shortage of doctors.
More than 3,000 people, including children, have been evacuated from rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo, the Red Cross says.
The death toll from an attack by rival Libyan forces on an airbase in the east has risen to 140, officials say.
How much would you have to pay back if you were to graduate with a degree in England today?
Shadow education secretary Angela Glass has been appointed to Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet following the resignation of Angela Powell.
England and Scotland will meet for the first time since 1999 in a World Cup qualifier at Wembley on Saturday.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said relations with Russia are "at a low point".
Cheshire is a county with a lot going for it.
A man from Ireland has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed at a hotel in County Antrim.
Uganda, Kenya, Burundian and Ethiopian troops fighting in Somalia say they have not been paid their deployment allowance for the past six months.
An Australian man and a teenage girl have been arrested in Sydney as part of a counter-terrorism operation, police say.
The US space agency Nasa has developed a new material that could be used in space.
Professional dogs have been used to patrol beaches in the US in a bid to reduce the spread of E. coli.
A rare bird of prey has been shot dead in Bedfordshire, the RSPB has said.
The challenge to Jeremy Corbyn's leadership of the Labour Party has attracted thousands of new members to the party.
Police have said they may use "extra powers" to stop and search fans at Saturday's Champions League final in Cardiff.
A Cambodian activist who has spent more than two decades campaigning against the destruction of the nation's forests has won the Goldman Environmental Prize.
Christian Eriksen scored a late penalty as Tottenham beat Manchester City to move back into second place in the Premier League.
The world is the hardest place in the world to be a girl, according to a Save the Children report.
Sunderland Ladies striker Beth Mead has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
British thriller writer William Boyd is to write the first official James Bond novel.
A table tennis player has pleaded guilty to indecently assaulting a schoolgirl.
A man has won a competition to see who can grow the world's heaviest pumpkin.
McLaren Formula 1 boss Eric Boullier has admitted his team's poor start to the season is "not good enough".
A Conservative government would double the amount of free childcare for three and four year-olds in England, David Cameron has said.
The leader of Plaid Cymru has accused Theresa May of being "too soft on extremists".
Wigan defender Ben Watson will not be out for as long as initially feared after breaking his leg in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Liverpool.
Hundreds of people were queuing outside a theatre in Chelmsford to hear the Labour leadership candidate, Jeremy Corbyn.
Munster are to be investigated by European Cup organisers after Conor Murray was allowed to play on against Glasgow on Saturday.
MSPs are to hold an inquiry into the way returning officers are paid for their work.
Police are investigating the death of a 72-year-old man at his home in Saltcoats.
Debbie Sen is a well-known name in the world of online shopping.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is "not worried" about his squad despite a busy summer transfer window.
The environment minister did not lose his executive power by unilaterally approving a planning framework for Northern Ireland, the High Court has heard.
Gloucestershire are still looking for their first win of the season after being bowled out for 237 by Glamorgan at Chelmsford.
A flood protection scheme for Dumfries and Galloway is set to be officially published after the cost of the project more than doubled.
Cattle farmers are being urged to take steps to reduce the risk of bovine tuberculosis (TB) entering their herds.
A 92-year-old woman has completed her final London Marathon.
The prime minister has accused Labour of "scaremongering" over the future of a Northamptonshire hospital ahead of the Corby by-election.
Kilmarnock chairman Michael Johnston has announced his retirement.
More than 130 men from across the country have attended a conference on domestic abuse in Sheffield.
Everton were knocked out of the Europa League by Russian side Krasnodar, despite a first-half goal from Juan Laborde.
Jockey William Buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a back injury in a fall.
The general election is coming up on 8 May.
Leicester City's players would "love" to see Craig Shakespeare get the job long term, says midfielder Danny Drinkwater.
The SDLP and Green Party have called for an "urgent inquiry" into the disappearance of unaccompanied children.
Brussels has reopened to the public for the first time since Friday's deadly attacks in Paris.
The M1 was closed in both directions for more than an hour after a plane with 153 people on board was forced to make an emergency landing.
The final series of US drama Breaking Bad will be shown in the UK for the first time.
The case for raising interest rates is still "some way from being made", Bank of England chief economist Andy Haldane has said.
Leicester Speedway have agreed a deal to keep the club in business for the 2017 season.
The number of people living in poverty in the US remained unchanged in 2011, according to a report from the US Department of Labor.
Volunteers are being sought to help restore a 17th Century copper mine in the Lake District.
More than 1,000 Asian girls may have been sexually abused in Rotherham, the BBC has learned.
Sam Allardyce says England are "back on track" as they begin their World Cup qualifying campaign against Slovakia on Sunday.
A second man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a 15-year-old girl at a railway station.
The UK's defence secretary has dismissed the idea of an EU army as "unnecessary" and "pointless".
The bodies of all five people on board a helicopter that crashed in Snowdonia have been found, police have confirmed.
Mullah Akhtar Mansour, the Afghan Taliban leader who was killed in a US drone attack last week, was a man of few words.
A cycle hire scheme which was suspended last year has been reinstated.
The Colombian government and the country's largest rebel group, the Farc, have asked the UN Security Council to oversee any ceasefire.
A court in California has ruled that Madonna did not break the law when she sampled a song from Salsoul on her 2003 single Vogue.
Plans for a £50m road to ease congestion in a Powys town have been given the go-ahead.
A grand piano once owned by King George V has been bought by the Royal Pavilion in Brighton.
India's economy grew at its slowest pace since the global financial crisis in the three months to March, official figures have shown.
Blackberry has unveiled its latest smartphone, the Z30, which it says is the world's smallest Android-powered device.
Rare photographs of Sir David Attenborough are expected to fetch up to £50,000 when they are sold at auction.
A witness in the trial of a man accused of murdering Surjit Singh Chhokar has been accused of lying by his QC.
Labour would end the "epidemic" of zero-hours contracts, leader Ed Miliband has said.
When John Hutchison sold his controlling stake in Motherwell in January 2015, he did not expect to see the end of his involvement with the club.
Detectives investigating the murder of a Blackpool schoolgirl in 2003 are to make a fresh appeal for information at the club's football match.
Rail fares in England, Scotland and Wales will rise by 0.5% in 2016, the Rail Delivery Group (RDG) has said.
A military rehabilitation unit has opened in Surrey, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has announced.
Oxford University is commissioning a series of portraits of people who are "alive and kicking" at the university.
Derbyshire director of cricket Dougie Wilson says his side will return to the T20 Blast next season despite failing to reach the quarter-finals.
England manager Roy Sampson says his team would have won a gold medal at the 2016 Olympics if they had been allowed to compete in Rio.
Spotlight has won best picture at the New York Film Critics Society Awards.
Bristol poet Owen Sheers has won the 2014 Book of the Year award in both Welsh and English.
Former England coach Andy Flower has backed Ben Duckett and James Bell-Drummond to earn their places in the national side after they starred for the Lions in a tri-series.
As a collector of Indian matchboxes, I have amassed a collection of 25,000 labels.
Olympic athletes and celebrities have been spotted with red marks on their skin that are believed to be caused by hot cups being placed on their body.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says he is confident the Bahrain Grand Prix will go ahead despite protests in the country.
Michelle Dockery and Dominic West are to star in a revival of Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Donmar Warehouse.
Stoke City striker Ramadan Sobhi has been left out of Egypt's squad for the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
The Wickerman Festival has announced a new stage for this year's event, which will be home to the likes of The Weeknd and The Vaccines.
An inquest into the death of a man who was killed in a gas explosion has been told the scene was "like an airstrike".
JK Rowling, the author of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, is celebrating her 90th birthday today.
Dozens of shops in a Venezuelan town have been looted as the country continues to grapple with severe food and medicine shortages.
Lettings agency Investing Solutions has been paid more than £2.1m in housing benefit by a homeless charity, the BBC has learned.
Scotland scrum-half Greig Laidlaw says his side must be on top form if they are to beat France in Paris on Saturday.
For many same-sex couples in Australia, the prospect of getting married is a dream come true.
South Korean opposition MPs have ended a 24-hour filibuster in parliament, which they claimed was the longest in the world.
The BBC has announced that it will be running a series of live shows on BBC Radio 5 live over the next few weeks.
A commemorative coin to mark the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge has been struck by the Royal Mint.
South Korea and Japan have held their first face-to-face talks since the end of last year.
England midfielder Michael Carrick is a doubt for Tuesday's friendly with France after suffering a "severely twisted ankle" in their friendly win over Spain.
An inquest into the death of 14-year-old Alice Gross will look at whether there was a failure to protect the public, a coroner has ruled.
Algeria's al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is one of the most powerful militant groups in North Africa.
An MP has been reunited with a lost toy after it was reunited with its owner on Hogmanay.
Police in the US have been granted permission to use a suspect's fingerprint to unlock her iPhone.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila insists his side still have an opportunity to qualify for the last 16 of the Europa League.
Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shinnie has signed a new one-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
WBA world bantamweight champion Jamie McDonnell will defend his title against Mexico's Jonathan Victor Rosas in London on Saturday.
As the Bank of England Governor, Mark Carney, explains why he decided not to serve the full eight years of his term, the BBC's Paul Wood looks at the reasons behind his decision.
An independent review into the end-of-life care system in England is likely to recommend the Liverpool Care Pathway (LCP) is scrapped.
Four men accused of murdering a vulnerable man in his own home used his flat as a place to drink, a court has heard.
Russian hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty by a US jury of running a massive credit card hacking operation.
A cat has been stabbed to death in what the RSPCA described as a "shocking and completely senseless attack".
A 75-year-old pelican at a zoo in New Zealand has been put down.
Boys have moved ahead of girls in top A-level grades for the first time in 17 years.
A measles outbreak has been confirmed at a Neath Port Talbot nursery.
Macedonia's President Gjorge Ivanov has dismissed the country's chief prosecutor in a row over corruption allegations.
The route taken to deliver the message of victory at the Battle of Waterloo has been retraced to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle.
The Russian state was involved in the murder of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, the inquiry into his death has heard.
Chancellor Philip Hammond has failed to address "severe funding pressures" in England's schools in his Autumn Statement.
Pupils should be able to pay for their school dinners using their fingerprints rather than cash, an AM has said.
Scientists say they have found a way to boost the body's ability to fight the HIV virus.
Seven police officers are to be questioned by the police watchdog after a prisoner lost three fingers in custody.
Ivory Coast is one of the fastest-growing economies in Africa, and many young people in the country want to become entrepreneurs.
Dover Athletic have been given the go-ahead to sign Paul N'Gala from Gillingham.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley says he wants to keep Kane Hemmings at Tannadice, despite speculation linking the striker with a move away.
The Royal British Legion is launching a campaign to change the way people think about veterans.
Brian Graham scored twice as Linlithgow Rose came from behind to beat Ross County and reach the quarter-finals of the Scottish Cup.
The Conjuring 2 has topped the US and Canada box office for the second weekend in a row.
Andrew Lloyd Webber has defended the high ticket prices for West End musicals, saying they are "incredibly reasonable".
A student has created an app that could help save the lives of people caught up in natural disasters.
David Miller and Jacques Rudolph hit half-centuries as Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the T20 Blast.
The world was a scary place in 2015, according to Sir Tim Berners-Lee, the inventor of the World Wide Web.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was found at a house.
French police are hunting for two men suspected of carrying out a series of attacks in Paris over the past two days.
The Duke of Edinburgh will retire from royal duties in August, Buckingham Palace has announced.
More than half the residents of two blocks of flats in Southampton are to be evicted, according to a housing company.
A burglar was shot in the leg by an intruder who thought he was a drug dealer, a court has heard.
It was only a few weeks ago that Taylor Swift was one of the most popular artists on Spotify.
Former Formula 1 driver Jenson Button says he is "doubting" the safety of the new Baku Grand Prix track.
The chief minister of India's capital, Delhi, is continuing his protest against the suspension of several police officers.
Gangs are increasingly using encrypted communications to avoid detection, police have said.
Tickets for BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2015 in Belfast have sold out.
Lance Armstrong has said he would probably cheat again if he was back in the sport in 1995, when doping was "completely pervasive".
Wales manager Chris Coleman says qualification for the last 16 of Euro 2016 is "not the end of the journey" for his team.
The Isle of Man TT is one of the most gruelling motorbike races in the world.
Sussex batsman Tom Wells says he is aiming for bigger and better results this season.
A campaign has been launched to save a 1,000-year-old boulder from being moved after a motorist allegedly hit it.
More than £330,000 has been raised for a disabled man who was robbed at knifepoint.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has set aside a further £3.1bn to cover claims relating to mis-selling of payment protection insurance (PPI).
An "incredible" painting of a 17th Century aristocrat has been bought by the National Trust.
Some bus services in Wales could be withdrawn if the Welsh government makes cuts of up to 40%, the BBC has learned.
In our series of letters from African journalists, South African judge Andrew Hlatshwayo has urged his fellow journalists to take some time off this week.
The Turkish government has lifted a ban on Muslim women wearing headscarves in police uniforms.
Five UK universities have been given provisional accreditation to offer master's degrees in cyber security.
A man has been jailed for 12 years for the "vile" murder of a 73-year-old woman whose body was found in a street in Norwich.
Clashes have broken out in parts of the Lebanese capital, Beirut, between rival Sunni Muslim groups.
The family of a man who lost two teeth after he was punched in the face by a nurse at a residential hospital in Bristol say they are still concerned about what happened to him.
Hibernian have signed goalkeeper David Marciano on a two-year deal.
Gordie Howe, one of the greatest NHL scorers of all time, has died at the age of 87.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has criticised a UK aid agency for booking more than £5,000 in flights for its board members.
A man who spent more than 30 years in prison after being falsely accused of being an IRA member has said he will fight for compensation.
Prime Minister Theresa May would be "cutting off his nose to spite his face" if she pushes for an in-out EU referendum on the same day as the assembly elections, Labour has said.
Jack Marriott scored twice as Peterborough came from behind to beat Rotherham 2-1 in League One.
The father of Jules Bianchi, who is in a coma after a crash at the Russian Grand Prix, says his son will "not give up".
A US law firm, Axiom, is to create more than 100 jobs in Belfast.
Police have released CCTV footage of a man they want to speak to in connection with a burglary at a house.
Michael Farmer extended his lead at the top of the British Superbike Championship with victory in Saturday's opening race at Knockhill.
UK retail sales grew at their slowest annual rate in more than three years in May, official figures have shown.
The Gambia has withdrawn from the British Commonwealth.
A social worker has been banned from the profession after being found guilty of failing to visit people with mental health problems.
UK Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has rejected calls for the UK to start formal negotiations to leave the European Union immediately.
The US justice department has said it will no longer allow police to use technology to track mobile phones without a warrant.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has cut diplomatic ties with Cuba in the wake of the death of Cuban leader Fidel Castro.
A dog that was seized by Belfast City Council on suspicion of being a pit bull has been allowed to return home.
Manchester City have made Everton defender John Stones their number one target for the 2016-17 season.
Thousands of people in the Republic of Ireland have been left without power as high winds and heavy rain continue to batter the country.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south London.
Two men who died in a two-car crash in the early hours of Saturday have been named by police.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend whispered in her ear "she'll pay for what she's done", a court has heard.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson said he was "proud" of his side after they came from two goals down to draw 2-2 with Newcastle United.
Premier League and English Football League teams will be allowed to take two penalties in a shootout from the start of next season.
A woman who has been selling poppies for more than 75 years has been named the UK's "most-valued poppy collector".
A woman has told an inquest into the death of County Tyrone teenager Arlene Arkinson that she was "lucky to get away" from serial killer Robert Howard.
Greece's Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras will try to secure a deal with its creditors after the country's parliament approved a bailout deal, his spokesman has said.
There's a general election coming up on 8 June, when adults will vote to decide who will run the UK.
Yorkshire say they are interested in hosting a day-night Test match at Headingley.
A sculpture by Henry Moore is to return to London for the first time in more than 20 years.
A Londonderry man has been told to "go easy on the paella and cerveza" after he asked a judge to postpone his sentencing.
A US beauty pageant contestant has sparked controversy by saying healthcare is a "privilege" and that jobs should be linked to it.
YouTube is cracking down on people who buy fake views.
The Chinese space station Tiangong-1 is due to re-enter the Earth's atmosphere later this week, Chinese state media report.
The fast-food chain Kentucky Fried Chicken now has more than 700 outlets in Africa, but the continent's poultry industry is struggling to keep up with demand.
Prime Minister David Cameron's father Ian has died at the age of 77, Downing Street has confirmed.
The Syrian government has begun the evacuation of the last rebel-held district in the central city of Homs.
Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall says his side are "hungry to keep improving" after winning their second European Champions Cup.
Sculptor Graham Ibbeson has raised a statue of cricket legend Dickie Bird to make it harder for people to hang items from it.
Former supermarket bosses have warned that prices will rise if the UK votes to leave the European Union.
Paul Scholes has returned to Manchester United on a short-term deal until the end of the season.
Rio de Janeiro's famous Mangueira samba school has won the national championship for the second year in a row.
The Welsh government has been accused of not doing enough to promote renewable energy.
Diesel has become the cheapest fuel in the UK for the first time in more than a decade, supermarkets have said.
Ireland's Liam English won the 1500m at the European Indoor Championships in Finland on Sunday.
Former Labour leader Ed Miliband has called on young people to register to vote.
Victims of rape and child sexual exploitation in England and Wales will have a new right to review police decisions not to prosecute them, under Labour plans.
For a man who grew up on a potato farm in Herefordshire, David Chase has plenty of talent for business.
Syria's chemical weapons have been intercepted twice on their way to the coast, the government has said.
A six-year-old girl who died after falling into a swimming pool at a holiday park was not adequately supervised, an inquest has heard.
Worcestershire opener Brett D'Oliveira and batsman Mitch Mitchell both hit centuries on day three against Derbyshire at New Road.
India's "demonetisation" of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes is likely to backfire, a leading economist has warned.
Oxford ended Bradford's unbeaten start to the season with a 1-0 win at the Kassam Stadium.
Plans for a 1,000-home housing development in East Yorkshire have been rejected by the government.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will be "neutral" when his side play Australia at Twickenham on Saturday.
Thor star Tom Hiddleston has confirmed that he is in a relationship with pop star Taylor Swift.
The British government has a legal obligation to ensure all inquests into the Troubles are heard, the Lord Chief Justice (LCJ) has said.
Surrey beat Nottinghamshire by an innings and 88 runs in the One-Day Cup for the second time this season.
Two of the last journalists to work in Fleet Street have spoken of their shock at the news that the street is to close.
A GP surgery which was rated "inadequate" following an inspection has made "significant" improvements, a watchdog has said.
In a classroom at Singapore Management University (SMU), a group of students are listening to a lecture.
Bayern Munich moved five points clear at the top of the Bundesliga as they beat Stuttgart.
England's Paul Casey and Tommy Fleetwood are one shot off the lead after the second round of the US Open.
Mental health staff are to be trained in Berkshire in a bid to cut the time it takes for patients to get help.
A new critical care helicopter service will be launched in north Wales, the health secretary has announced.
The husband of a British-Iranian charity worker jailed in Iran has said he is "terrified" ahead of an appeal hearing.
Lee Westwood says he is "back to the stage where I turn up fully expecting to play well" at Royal Troon after finishing in the top 10 in both majors this year.
Arsenal Ladies captain Alex Morgan has signed a new three-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Badminton is the only Olympic sport to have had its funding cut by UK Sport ahead of the Tokyo 2020 Games.
The first gentoo penguin eggs have hatched at Chester Zoo.
A body has been found following a fire at a house in South Lanarkshire.
A German man has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a motorcyclist in Conwy county.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closing at record highs.
League One side Blackpool have signed Manchester United defender Liam Allsop on loan until the end of the season and Crystal Palace striker Callum Cooke on a season-long loan.
A round-up of the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
Thousands of people have taken part in Armed Forces Day events across the UK.
A man is hoping to break the world record for the heaviest egg.
A doctor who stole more than £100,000 from his Lincolnshire practice has been jailed for five years.
Charlton Athletic have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach on a two-year contract.
John Hardie is standing in the dark at the entrance to Lockhart's Gaff.
Indonesian social media users have been sharing images and memes to show support for the capital, Jakarta, after it was hit by a series of explosions.
A County Londonderry engineering company has announced it is creating 80 new jobs at its Kilrea site.
A Native American tribe in the US state of South Dakota has announced plans to open a marijuana dispensary and casino.
Conor McGregor says he does not believe Floyd Mayweather will make it out of the second round of their super-fight on 26 August because of lighter gloves.
Hundreds of homes could be built on green belt land in Surrey under plans to sell off allotments.
Belfast Giants have been named in Great Britain's squad for this month's World Championship in Cortina, Italy.
Bay TV, a free-to-air TV station in south-east London, has been put up for sale.
Thousands of people have gathered in Togo to pay tribute to former coach Stephen Keshi, who died last week.
Two off-duty police officers have been praised by police after a man was arrested following a theft in County Londonderry.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in Salford.
The bodies of all 224 people on board the Russian airliner that crashed in Egypt last month have been flown back to Moscow, the Kremlin says.
Juventus have signed Real Madrid striker Alvaro Morata for an undisclosed fee.
Four internet of things (IoT) devices have been found to be vulnerable to hacking by security researchers.
Former Congolese rebel leader Jean-Pierre Bemba has been found guilty by the International Criminal Court (ICC) of war crimes.
Malala Yousafzai is a Pakistani schoolgirl who was shot in the head by the Taliban in 2012.
Hundreds of Chelsea fans have taken part in a parade to celebrate the club's Premier League title win.
Nico Rosberg edged out Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Mexican Grand Prix.
It is one of the most unusual legal cases in British history.
When the National Living Wage was introduced in April, the fish processing company, Seachill, was one of the first companies to announce it was reviewing its pay arrangements.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been found guilty of taking part in an unauthorised rally.
Financial services firm Hays has said it is "too early to tell" what the UK's vote to leave the European Union will mean for its business.
Samsung has added ad-blockers to its Android mobile browser.
US consumer confidence has fallen for the second month in a row, according to a closely watched survey.
Two brothers who tortured and sexually abused two young boys in South Yorkshire have been granted lifelong anonymity.
Nine people have been arrested on suspicion of domestic abuse following a police campaign ahead of Euro 2016.
Workers in Wales could save up to £1,000 a year by cycling or walking to work, a charity has claimed.
Five men have been charged with drugs offences following a major police operation in Oxford.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson says Jacob Butterfield and Andreas Olsson will miss Saturday's Championship opener at Brighton.
Kyle Edmund will start Great Britain's Davis Cup campaign against Serbia on Friday when he takes on Janko Tipsarevic.
Wigan Warriors' Sam Tomkins says he has not ruled out a return to the Super League club in the future.
Wigan Warriors thrashed Salford Red Devils to keep alive their hopes of a place in the Super League play-offs.
A Sinn Féin teacher who was subjected to a campaign of sectarian intimidation has said she has been inspired by the response of her pupils.
Scientists say they have solved the mystery of why some of the world's most famous rock formations - such as the Eiffel Tower and the Stonehenge - are made of sand.
The Met Office has issued its first high wind warning of the season ahead of Storm Abigail.
Lung cancer patients who have secondary brain tumours should not be treated with whole brain radiotherapy, say doctors in the Lancet.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named the Premier League's player of the season.
Scottish boxer Liam Taylor is targeting a world title fight against Ricky Burns when he returns to action next month.
Aberdeen have signed striker Stevie May from Preston North End on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Clashes between Saudi security forces and residents of a town in the east of the country have left at least seven people dead.
Turkish forces have been exchanging fire with Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern Syrian town of Jarablus, near the border with Syria.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has urged party members to give her "a chance to be heard".
A woman has found the final piece of gold treasure in an art exhibition in which five artefacts were hidden in Scunthorpe.
The body of a teenage soldier found dead at Deepcut barracks could be exhumed for an inquest into her death, a coroner has said.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in memory of missing teenager Paige Doherty.
A new search and rescue helicopter base in south Wales has completed its first mission.
Sport Ireland chief executive Jim Treacy says the Irish Boxing Association (IABA) is "deeply divided" and its funding could be at risk.
The daughter of British aid worker David Haines, who was killed by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, has called for military action against the group.
Warwickshire will face Somerset in the One-Day Cup semi-finals after James Trott's unbeaten century helped them beat Essex by eight wickets.
Haiti's interim President Jovenel Privert has resigned, the Senate and Chamber of Deputies say.
The second flight data recorder from the EgyptAir plane that crashed in the Mediterranean has been recovered, Egyptian investigators say.
The UK will not succeed by acting in isolation in the fight against terrorism, the prime minister has said.
The UK's Supreme Court has ruled that employment tribunal fees are unlawful and unconstitutional.
An Iranian football goalkeeper has been banned from playing for six months because of his choice of trousers.
Lindsey Vonn became the first woman to win three World Cup super-G titles with victory in Germany on Sunday.
Firefighters have warned people to keep an eye on their hoverboards after two devices caught fire in London earlier this month.
Scotland and Ireland have been drawn in the same group as England in the men's World Twenty20.
Tottenham's FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea at Wembley will be shown live on BBC One.
The owners of a hotel have been fined after a guest fell from a balcony while on holiday.
Former business secretary Sir Vince Cable says he is "disappointed" by the lack of progress on vocational education in England.
Plans to close a public swimming pool in Derbyshire have been shelved.
The family of a man who was murdered nine years ago have said they have "absolutely no faith in the justice system".
Diageo, the world's biggest spirits maker, has reported flat sales for the financial year to the end of March.
Hundreds of people from the Chagos Islands in the Indian Ocean have handed in a petition to the Foreign Office.
Casey Affleck, who is nominated for an Oscar for his role in Manchester by the Sea, says he was "honoured" to play a character opposite Matt Damon in the film.
Sri Lankan pirates who seized an oil tanker off the coast of north-eastern Somalia have been released, the Sri Lankan foreign ministry says.
A seven-year-old Muslim girl has been placed in the care of a Muslim foster family in London.
A fire at the Glenfada Park museum in Londonderry is being treated as deliberate, police have said.
Drivers are to be fined for entering a restricted area of a city centre street for the first time since a council abandoned a scheme in 2014.
BMW has reported a sharp rise in first-quarter profits, helped by a rise in the value of its stake in German mapping firm Here.
A positive outlook on life may be linked to a lower death risk, say researchers in the US.
Durham Tees Valley Airport has been given a boost with the news that Easyjet is to start flying between the airport and Aberdeen.
The man accused of killing five people at a Florida airport on Friday has been charged with murder.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the final three months of 2014, according to official figures.
Scientists from the British Geological Survey (BGS) and University College London (UCL) say there is a huge amount of water hidden beneath Africa.
Charlton came from behind to beat 10-man Bolton and move into the Championship play-off places.
Glasgow Warriors pair Alex Rae and Sohrab Bhatti have signed new contracts with the Pro12 club.
Johnny Sexton has been ruled out of Ireland's three-Test tour of South Africa with a broken leg.
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of Wales.
Wimbledon is one of the biggest tennis tournaments in the world.
A bus has been destroyed in a fire in North Lanarkshire.
Scotland's cities face "significant economic challenges" as the UK leaves the European Union, according to researchers.
Hundreds of people have been evacuated from a seaside village in southern Italy as a huge wildfire rages on the slopes of Mount Vesuvius.
The new Bishop of Gloucester has been officially installed at a service in the cathedral.
Ivory Coast's President: Alassane Ouattara.
Cvent, a New York-based event management firm, was founded in 2006 by Rajesh Aggarwal, a former chief executive of the US National Football League (NFL).
Ospreys maintained their winning start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought victory over Newport Gwent Dragons in the Welsh derby at Rodney Parade.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farhad Manjrekar looks at the history of brand names in India.
General Motors (GM) has said it will stop making cars in India as part of a global restructuring.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Hibernian midfielder Scott Graham for an undisclosed fee.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would not swap Kenneth Zohore for many players in the Championship.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a soldier in a "despicable" attack in Powys.
The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall have visited the Brixton Pound market in south London.
Hundreds of whales are being refloated after becoming stranded on a beach in New Zealand.
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland fans to turn out in force for Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Surrey secured their first County Championship win of the season with a five-wicket victory over Warwickshire at The Oval.
Three British teenagers arrested in Turkey on suspicion of terrorism offences have been released without charge.
Two police forces in Wales have been rated "inadequate" by the police watchdog.
The government is considering taking over schools in Birmingham where there are concerns about extremism, the BBC has learned.
Turkish club Galatasaray have signed Morocco striker Nabil Belhanda from Dynamo Kiev for an undisclosed fee on a four-year deal.
A man who was jailed for six months for sending an "offensive" tweet to an airport has appealed against his conviction at the High Court.
Is it possible to run a company without a boss?
Passengers were forced to run on to the wing of a plane after a series of faults forced it to make an emergency landing, a report has found.
Liam Livingstone has been named in the England squad for the Twenty20 series against South Africa.
Dozens of patients have experienced "unusual level of discomfort" after undergoing eye surgery at a Cardiff hospital.
A court in Germany has begun hearing evidence in the trial of eight people accused of carrying out bomb attacks against asylum seekers and left-wing groups.
EU funding has not had an impact on the Welsh economy despite the vote to leave the EU, the Welsh Secretary has said.
Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi was the only person convicted of the 1988 Lockerbie bombing of Pan Am flight 103.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released a video showing the destruction of ancient Assyrian artefacts in Iraq.
Flooding in parts of the UK has forced thousands of people to leave their homes.
TalkTalk has reported a fall in pre-tax profits for the three months to the end of March.
Heineken has been told to submit plans for its planned £1.2bn takeover of Punch Taverns.
A £1m research and development centre has been officially opened in Aberdeen to help the North Sea oil and gas industry.
Sunderland midfielder Adnan Januzaj will miss the rest of the season with an ankle injury.
Two men who were involved in a "widespread supply of illicit drugs" have been jailed at Belfast Crown Court.
This year's BBC News School Report takes place on 16 March, when 11 to 16-year-olds across the UK report on the news from their schools.
An Iron Age fort in Gwynedd may have been occupied much later than previously thought, experts have said.
Two police officers have been injured after their car was shot at in west Belfast.
Hundreds of people are taking part in a march to Parliament in protest at the closure of Kids Company, a children's charity.
Mozambique's President: Filipe Nyusi.
Bristol City Council has been criticised for paying a private company up to £6m to run a park-and-ride service.
Up to 200,000 children in England and Wales could face poverty because of changes to benefits, say researchers.
Scotland's skills system needs a major overhaul if it is to cope with changes in the labour market, a think tank has said.
A US judge has sentenced an al-Qaeda suspect to life in prison in New York, a year after he was acquitted at the Guantanamo Bay detention centre.
Cardiff City have signed Wycombe Wanderers winger Kadeem Harris for an undisclosed fee.
The Hinkley Point nuclear power station in Somerset is not just the biggest infrastructure project in the UK for decades.
Tributes have been paid to a former Glamorgan and Wales international cricketer who has been found dead at his home in Cardiff.
The United States says it has killed Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the leader of al-Qaeda in Iraq, in a drone strike in Syria.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed goalkeeper David Stockdale on a two-year deal.
Liam Williams scored twice as Rochdale beat Doncaster Rovers to reach the second round of the EFL Cup.
Nottingham Forest director of football Les Collymore has withdrawn from the running of the Championship club.
Widnes Vikings say the artificial pitch used for their Super League match against Warrington on Saturday posed no more danger to players than any other surface.
Plans for a £50m revamp of Keynsham town centre are to be unveiled next month.
Connacht have signed New Zealand-born prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy on a two-year deal.
A bagpipes player has been found guilty of defrauding a Hillsborough charity.
Probation officers in England and Wales have called for "urgent remedial action" to improve the way offenders do unpaid work.
Rory Best will captain the British and Irish Lions in Tuesday's second Test against the Hurricanes in Wellington.
Adele's new single, Hello, has topped the iTunes chart in the UK, just hours after it was released.
The search for a man who has been missing since the weekend of 31 October has been called off.
Hundreds of teaching assistants have taken part in a rally in Durham in a bid to end a dispute over pay.
Greens leader Leanne Wood has said the general election presents an "opportunity for harmonious co-existence" between Wales and Scotland.
The melting of sea ice in the Arctic has been described as "unprecedented" by one of the region's leading scientists.
A Muslim man who became the first same-sex couple in the UK to marry says he has received death threats since the ceremony.
Cornwall will face Cheshire in the County Championship final after a bonus-point win over Surrey.
The Mad Hatter, Cheshire Cat and Alice from the Alice in Wonderland books have been added to a virtual reality app for Llandudno.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus was hit by a lorry on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Two West Sussex councils have accused Highways England of carrying out a "sham" consultation into "modest" road improvements.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and Uefa boss Michel Platini have been banned from football for eight years.
Archaeologists have discovered a "square megalithic circle" inside a Neolithic monument in Wiltshire.
A woman has suffered "devastating" injuries after being attacked by a dog in Lincoln.
Goalkeeper Adam Bowns says Cardiff Devils can still win a trophy this season despite their Challenge Cup exit.
A boy who developed narcolepsy after being given a flu jab has been awarded £120,000 in compensation.
Lifeguards are to be deployed at Camber Sands this weekend following the deaths of five men.
Police have issued a warning after reports of people dressing up as clowns running through gardens and jumping from trees.
A man who was jailed for murder in the 1970s has won the right to challenge a police request for tapes of interviews he gave to a US university.
Cardiff City defender Bruno Ecuele Manga is set to return to training later this week after being treated for malaria.
Wolverhampton Wanderers moved into the League One play-off places with victory over Cambridge United.
UKIP MEP Neil Gill is facing calls to stand down over the way the party has chosen its assembly candidates.
A motorcyclist who died after being involved in a collision with a car in Aberdeenshire has been named by police.
The number of insects in the UK could be on the verge of extinction, according to a conservation charity.
The decision to take military action against so-called Islamic State in Syria has been made by Prime Minister David Cameron.
A gunman has opened fire outside a gay bar in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, wounding at least eight people, police say.
Sony has said it will not make a successor to its best-selling e-book reader, the PRS-T3.
Israel has said it will remove metal detectors from a holy site in Jerusalem after days of protests.
Wales is set to see an increase in rainfall and storms as a result of climate change, the Welsh government has said.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says there are six teams who can win the Premier League title this season.
A police dog that attacked a man in Cumbria has been put down.
A chatbot called Eugene has passed the "Turing Test" for the first time, the University of Reading has announced.
Six Scottish swimmers have been named in Team GB's squad for the Rio Olympics.
Egyptian judoka Ahmed El Shehaby was booed by the crowd at Rio 2016 after refusing to shake the hand of compatriot Ahmed Sasson.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved four points clear at the top of the Premiership with victory over Hamilton Academical.
South Africa is the largest country on the African continent.
Scientists in Japan say they have developed a way to see inside the brain that could help diagnose Alzheimer's disease.
Britain's Johanna Konta says she is not bothered by talk she could become the first British woman to win Wimbledon since 1977.
The roll-out of smart meters in the UK has been delayed for a third time.
The assembly has rejected a motion calling for a review of on-street parking arrangements in Northern Ireland.
Complaints were made to Conservative Central Office about bullying in the party's youth wing in 2010, a senior activist has said.
A fishing boat has been towed to safety after getting into difficulty off the Anglesey coast.
St Mary's Magherafelt beat St Ronan's 0-17 to 0-11 in the Ulster Under-21 Football semi-final at the Dub on Friday night.
Two high-resolution Earth-observing cameras have been successfully attached to the International Space Station.
A schoolboy from a poor family in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh has become the country's topper in the secondary school exams.
An investigation into the sinking of a crab boat in which three men died has recommended an urgent review of lifejacket testing protocols.
More than 1,000 ancient Egyptian pyramids have been discovered by analysing satellite images, a BBC investigation has found.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was found at a house.
The final episode of BBC One sitcom Miranda has been watched by more than 7m viewers.
When Apple unveiled its new smartwatch at its Worldwide Developers Conference in September, it was hailed as a game-changer for wearable tech.
A Scottish sea salt company has signed a deal with Sainbury's to sell its products in its stores.
"How much is your council tax?" is among the most bizarre calls made to councils in England and Wales, according to the Local Government Association.
A "unique" painting of the coronation of King Charles II has been found in a County Durham park.
Plans for a McDonald's restaurant in Bristol have been approved by the city's planning inspector.
Mental health patients are being brought into A&E departments by police rather than being detained in custody, a doctor has said.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is "like a five-year-old" as he prepares to return to competitive golf.
The European Cup final will be staged in Cardiff for the first time since 1975.
The NBA and video game maker Take-Two have announced a partnership to create an e-sports league.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she has "absolute faith" in the UK's Trident nuclear weapons despite reports of a misfire.
Andy Murray's rise to the top of the world tennis rankings is the latest in a long line of achievements for a man who has already provided so much.
Aston Villa have signed Manchester City midfielder Scott Sinclair on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Britain's Chris Froome won his third Criterium du Dauphine title with victory on Sunday.
Joe Esposito, one of Elvis Presley's closest friends, has died at the age of 83.
Shares in airlines Easyjet and IAG were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 on Monday.
One of the last flying Lancasters has been forced to make an emergency landing.
A man has appeared in court charged with abducting a 12-year-old girl.
The number of people made homeless by councils in England has risen for the second year in a row.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte says Tottenham's failure to reach the Champions League this season is not a "tragedy".
The Rolling Stones, Sir Elton John and Kylie Minogue are some of the biggest names in the world of music, but how much would it cost to bring them to your town or city?
Microsoft has announced a new collection of Halo games for its Xbox One console.
Tributes have been paid to British singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran, who has died at the age of 41.
Home Secretary Theresa May should ban two US anti-Islam activists from the UK, a senior Labour MP has said.
US President Barack Obama has urged Donald Trump to use his presidency to "send some signals of unity" to minority groups.
A passenger train has derailed in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, killing at least 30 people and injuring more than 100, police say.
Glamorgan have announced the dates for their 2017 T20 Blast campaign.
Former TV presenter Claudia Gallacher has been charged with drink-driving.
A police officer has told an inquest of the "absolute carnage" at a nightclub where two people died in a crush.
A woman who was raped by two men while walking with her child has been released without charge.
Former world champion Jimmy Carter says he is "lucky to be alive" after being beaten by John Higgins in the first round of the UK Championship.
A blogger who became an internet star after being diagnosed with a brain tumour has died.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after the European Central Bank (ECB) said it would keep interest rates on hold.
A huge sinkhole has opened up near a football stadium in Rio de Janeiro ahead of a World Cup qualifier.
Cardiff City missed the chance to move off the bottom of the Championship as they were held to a draw by Brentford.
The president of the International Ski Federation has apologised for comparing the Russian doping scandal to the Holocaust.
Two British tourists have been arrested at the Machu Picchu archaeological site in Peru, police say.
Chinese authorities have confirmed for the first time that a warehouse that exploded in Tianjin on Friday contained the toxic chemical sodium cyanide.
The use of unqualified teachers in schools in England is " jeopardising the educational progress of children", says a teachers' union.
A 20-year-old woman has been raped in Edinburgh's Meadows.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "determined" to lead the party into the next general election.
Europe owes around half of its genetic make-up to a mix of hunter-gatherers and farmers, a study suggests.
The owner of a shop named after the Islamic State militant group has said she is considering changing its name.
Gordonstoun School has said it is "shocked and saddened" by claims of historical abuse at the school.
Labour will commit to renationalising the railways if it wins the general election, leader Jeremy Corbyn has said.
The mother of a schoolgirl who was groomed by a teacher and taken to France to have sex with him has spoken out for the first time.
Borussia Dortmund have completed the third signing of their summer transfer window by bringing in France Under-20 midfielder Yannick Carrasco.
China's consumer prices rose by more than expected in June, according to official figures.
Nigeria's former national team coach Sunday Oliseh says he is pleased with the results he has achieved at Dutch second-tier side Fortuna Sittard.
All pictures are subject to copyright and are copyrighted.
The fuselage of one of the RAF's most iconic aircraft has been moved to a museum.
A couple from Worcestershire have died while on holiday in Morocco.
Pictures courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters.
Guernsey Football Club have been given until Monday to decide if they want to enter the FA Cup.
A biopic of comic-book legend Stan Lee is to be made by 20th Century Fox.
A cyber security group has been set up in Wrexham in a bid to keep people and businesses safe.
Hundreds of people have turned out to help rescue dogs that were killed in a fire at a home in Greater Manchester.
More than 50% of athletes at the 2011 World Athletics Championships tested positive for banned substances, a study by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) suggests.
Gloucestershire batsman James Vince has been included in England's squad for the T20 World Cup in India.
A search for the grave of a Scottish lion tamer, whose story inspired a song by a US singer, has been successful.
The world's most famous steam locomotive, Flying Scotsman, has been repainted in a new shade of green.
Saracens wing Nick Tompkins has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Avengers: Age of Ultron's villain will be called Ultron, director Joss Whedon has revealed at Comic-Con in Las Vegas.
Pupils at Moco-Moco secondary school sit in rows of desks, surrounded by a thicket of giant termite mounds.
A snake thought to be one of the world's deadliest has been put to sleep by the Scottish SPCA.
A "predator" who travelled to the US to have sex with young boys has pleaded guilty to transporting child pornography.
Wrestling is about to get even bigger in China.
At least eight people have died after being trapped in a tractor-trailer outside a Walmart store in the US city of San Antonio.
A police officer who was seriously injured when he was stabbed in the head during a raid on a house has been awarded the Queen's Medal for bravery.
The maker of Irn Bru, Rubicon and Strathmore bottled water has reported a rise in profits but said the UK consumer environment remains "uncertain".
A young black man has been shot dead by police in Ferguson, Missouri, a year after the fatal shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown.
Madonna's promoting her new album, Rebel Heart, by wearing a string around her head.
Will Grigg scored a late equaliser as Wigan came from behind to draw with Colchester at the DW Stadium.
Charli XCX says she's "trying to take over the world" as a songwriter.
Apple has joined Facebook in offering its US employees the option of freezing their eggs.
Wladimir Shavers says Muhammad Ali would have beaten Wladimir Klitschko if he had fought him in the 1970s.
The Bank of England has held its benchmark interest rate at 0.5%.
The 2016 World Series gets under way on Wednesday, with the Chicago Cubs facing the Cleveland Indians in the best-of-seven series.
Theresa May has said her government is "determined to deliver the best Brexit deal" as she unveiled the Queen's Speech.
The RSPCA should not be allowed to "pick and choose" cases to suit its political and commercial needs, an MP has said.
Google has published an interactive tour of the International Space Station (ISS) on its Maps service.
Hundreds of swimmers have taken part in Tenby's annual Christmas Day swim.
HSBC has named the chief executive of Asian insurance giant AIA as its new chairman.
US Secretary of State John Pershing has said he is confident that the Paris climate agreement can be sustained.
Tom Routledge scored a hat-trick as Swansea City thrashed Charlotte Independence in the EFL Cup.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being locked in a lift during a Christmas party.
The government is set to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in the UK.
A £4m memorial to police officers killed on duty has been given the go-ahead by the government.
Craig Whyte and David Forsythe scored late goals as Premiership leaders Crusaders beat Linfield 2-0 at the Brandywell.
ScotRail has launched a nationwide recruitment drive for up to 100 train drivers.
Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak has said he is "categorically" not responsible for the alleged mismanagement of the state investment fund 1MDB.
Mae'r ysgol yn Rhagfyr 2014 yn cael ei defnyddio gan fysiau gan yr heddlu ac yna ei ryddhau.
Pregnant women in Germany are paying fake fathers to register their babies as German citizens, officials say.
Fines for data breaches in the UK are set to more than treble in the next year, according to accountancy firm PwC.
The Shroud of Turin has gone on display in the Italian city for the first time in more than five years.
People from outside the UK could be charged for using the NHS in Wales later this year, the health secretary has said.
North Korea has announced that it has carried out a hydrogen bomb test.
The jury in the trial of former DUP MLA David Ford has been discharged after failing to reach a verdict.
The Scottish government has been accused of carrying out a "sham consultation" on its named person policy.
Nottingham Forest have signed Everton left-back Jack Browning on a season-long loan deal.
More than 20,000 children from Aberdeen have been invited to take part in a major genetic and medical study.
David is still afraid to cross the road in Aubervilliers in Paris.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday, following the Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates unchanged.
German carmaker Daimler has reported a 6% rise in second-quarter sales to 1.9bn euros (£1.4bn), up from 1.7bn euros a year earlier.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has called for an end to the conflict in Syria, saying "no-one should be killed".
Nintendo has reported a bigger-than-expected loss for the second quarter of its financial year.
Huddersfield Town moved to within a point of the Championship play-off places with victory at struggling Burton Albion.
Workmen at the North Central Council (NCP) in Cambridgeshire painted the word "I" in the wrong place.
A British aid worker was unlawfully killed by Islamist militants in Pakistan, an inquest has heard.
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis.
Plans to install electricity cables in a Gwynedd forest have been given the go-ahead following a judicial review.
China's first internet court has opened in the western city of Hangzhou, state media report.
Shares in Samsung C&T have fallen more than 10% after shareholders in the South Korean electronics giant approved a $10bn (Â£6.3bn) takeover.
A row has broken out over the sale of an ancient Egyptian statue.
Yorkshire will begin their defence of the County Championship on the opening day of the 2015 season at home to Essex.
A "heavy gambler" murdered his friend and dismembered his body before dumping it in a suitcase, a court has heard.
UKIP AM Mark Reckless is set to join the Welsh Conservatives, BBC Wales understands.
Russia's main opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, has been charged with inciting public violence.
Rangers eased to victory over 10-man Queen of the South in the Scottish Championship.
Uganda has said it will withdraw its troops from South Sudan by the end of the month.
Twenty air ambulance charities across the UK are to benefit from a £5m windfall from the Libor scandal.
A teenager and his mother have set new world records for the fastest lap of the Isle of Wight.
Brighton & Hove Albion captain Lewis Sidwell says he wants to stay at the club next season.
A former health chief has called for more investment in the NHS after being unable to get cancer treatment in Wales.
Matt Disley scored a late winner as Forest Green beat Grimsby to move level on points with National League leaders Cheltenham.
An Austrian scientist is attempting to break the world record for the largest model of a crystal.
Former US President Bill Clinton has thanked Kenneth Starr, the man who led the inquiry into his affair with a White House intern, for his "kind words".
Belfast's transport minister, David Hazzard, has announced plans to extend the hours of bus lanes in the city.
The UK has a unique opportunity to bring the US and Europe together, not take sides.
Formula 1 bosses have agreed that the new elimination system introduced at the Bahrain Grand Prix was "not right".
Mark Perry beat Stuart Bingham 6-4 to reach the quarter-finals of the UK Championship.
Russia's state TV channels have been sharply critical of the Ukrainian government's handling of the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
Worcestershire all-rounder Joe Leach and Ed Barnard hit half-centuries on day three against Leicestershire at Grace Road.
An anti-extremism campaign has been launched in Glasgow in memory of shopkeeper Asad Shah.
Spotify, the world's biggest music streaming service, has announced a raft of new non-music content for its app.
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet "doesn't know how good he is", says manager Jurgen Klopp.
David Cameron has been caught on camera eating Pringles on a budget airline.
An ex-serviceman who wrote a children's book about the Falklands War is helping to bring the conflict to life for veterans.
Britain's Katarina Johnson-Thompson secured her place at the Rio Olympics with victory in the 800m at the IAAF World Indoor Championships.
Donald Trump, Jeremy Corbyn and Jose Mujica have all been praised for being authentic politicians.
Southampton have signed left-back Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee.
UKIP has defended its decision not to sack the party's only AM for Wales.
Australian investigators have begun examining the cause of a plane crash in Melbourne that killed five people.
A 94-year-old former Nazi SS man who shot dead three Dutch resistance fighters during World War Two has been transferred to a prison in Germany.
A Palestinian woman who was seriously injured in a firebombing in the West Bank that killed her toddler son and her husband has died in hospital.
The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has announced he is stepping down.
Borrowers are more likely to apply for loans if they want to buy a house, a survey has suggested.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked by a group of men who broke into their Edinburgh home.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is not for sale, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
The Scottish government has said it will do all it can to safeguard the future of the Arches nightclub in Glasgow.
Lonmin has said it will raise $1.3bn (£1.1bn) in a rights issue, as it tries to shore up its finances.
The mother of a five-year-old boy who went missing in Poland has released pictures of him in a bid to find him.
Championship side Newport Gwent Dragons have signed scrum-half Ben Youngs on a one-year deal.
A historic railway station is to undergo a £1.5m refurbishment.
Torquay secured their place in the National League for next season with a 2-0 win over North Ferriby.
More than 100,000 people have signed a petition calling for a second referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union, the Foreign Office has said.
The man who murdered Glasgow schoolgirl Paige Doherty has had his life sentence reduced on appeal.
A group of voters has launched a legal challenge to the re-election of a London mayor.
A children's book prize named after Roald Dahl is to be extended for a second year.
Somalia's public works minister has been shot dead by security forces by mistake, officials say.
Wales goalkeeper Danny Ward wants to stay at Huddersfield Town after helping them win promotion to the Premier League.
An inquest into the death of a man whose body was found in a park on Christmas Eve has heard police believe he was from Vietnam.
A look at some of the key stories in the news over the past week.
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
The Canadian government has launched a national inquiry into the murder and disappearance of indigenous women and girls.
A Kuwaiti man held at Guantanamo Bay for more than a decade has been released, his lawyer says.
The NHS in England has launched a national breast implant registry.
A self-driving robot has crashed into a building in San Francisco, in what is thought to have been an accident.
A 15-year-old girl was sexually assaulted by a man in Bristol, police have said.
If you want to be a game maker, make games today, and finish them as many as you can.
Movistar's Gorka Izagirre won stage five of the Giro d'Italia as Bob Jungels retained the overall lead.
The number of international tourists visiting the UK is on the rise.
The Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) has said the Egyptian government has asked the Irish government to help secure the release of an Irishman accused of terrorism.
An investigation has been launched after a florist was targeted by scammers pretending to be from TalkTalk.
An MP is to introduce a bill in the House of Commons which would prevent rape victims being cross-examined in court.
Rangers have parted company with youth coach David Durrant.
Arsenal Ladies will face Manchester City Women in the semi-finals of the Women's Super League Cup.
Cornish Reds head coach Mark Churcher has praised his side's front row after they beat Chinnor on Saturday.
Wales midfielder Becky Lawrence has been speaking to BBC Sport about her time as player-manager of Australian side Melbourne City.
UKIP has approved the candidacy of an anti-Islam campaigner to be its next leader.
British number one Johanna Konta has been added to the field for the Aegon Classic in Nottingham.
A van Gogh painting has been hung in a cafe in Reading, despite claims it is not by the artist.
An exhibition of rare and endangered animals from around the world has opened at Windsor Castle.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has postponed the launch of its mission to Mars from 2018 to 2020.
Katie O'Donoghue has become an internet star after a video of her falling to the ground during a marathon went viral.
Tom Davies hit an unbeaten 93 as Surrey beat Yorkshire by seven wickets to reach the One-Day Cup final at Lord's.
French police have ended an operation at Paris's Champs-Elysees station, hours after security was stepped up across the country for the presidential election.
Scientists in Japan say they have developed a way to fluoresce cancerous tissue.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai as heavy rains continue to batter the city.
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders may be locked in a tight race for the Democratic presidential nomination, but the two are already trading barbs.
At least 13 people have been killed in north-eastern Nigeria when a device picked up by a vigilante group exploded, an MP has said.
Parliament is coming to an end, with the general election on 8 May.
A two-storey building in a chaotic, pixelated style has been described as "trendy" and "fantastic".
Jessica Ennis-Hill's career has been a rollercoaster.
Facebook and Microsoft are teaming up to help build a high-speed data cable across the Atlantic Ocean.
The Queen has attended the New Year's Day church service at Sandringham with her granddaughter Princess Anne.
The father of US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has said he is "not sure" his son will return to the US.
Scientists in the US have successfully implanted a wireless device into a rabbit.
Castleford Tigers half-back Matty Sneyd has signed a new two-year deal with the Super League club.
Three people have been injured in a crash on the A74(M) in Dumfries and Galloway.
Cuba has condemned US President Donald Trump's new policy on the island, saying it will "toughen" the US trade embargo.
An outbreak of measles in Swansea and Neath Port Talbot is continuing, Public Health Wales has said.
A plane has crashed into a river in Taiwan, killing all 58 people on board.
Two new species of magnolias have been discovered in Mexico after being discovered on an online encyclopaedia.
Carers who work with young children in schools and nurseries in Wales will be valued more under a new Welsh government plan.
A Swedish astronaut has played the bagpipes on board the International Space Station.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says striker Carlos Tevez will have his "moment" after being left out of the side for the past two games.
Midfielder Katie Walsh scored the only goal of the game as Manchester City beat Brondby 1-0 in the first leg of their Continental Cup quarter-final.
A Falkirk couple have become Scotland's biggest lottery winners after they claimed a £60m Euromillions jackpot.
It's been a day of terror attacks in Brussels, the capital of Belgium.
A former Soviet army officer has appeared in court in the US charged with involvement in attacks on US forces in Afghanistan.
Perth City Council has said a change in circumstances has "significantly impacts" a bid to redevelop the city's former concert hall.
Northern Ireland's qualification for next summer's European Championship finals has been hailed as a "miracle" by manager Michael Macphee.
Badger groups in England are being offered funding to vaccinate their animals against bovine TB, the government has announced.
Urinary catheters should be "state of the art", a leading urology expert has said.
Watford striker Isaac Success has been left out of Nigeria's 23-man squad for Sunday's 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Cameroon.
The Cuban government has condemned the launch of two colognes named after Che Guevara and Hugo Chavez.
A councillor who posted an anti-Irish tweet which is being investigated by police has resigned as a magistrate.
A report into an "offensive stereotyping" incident involving medical students at Cardiff University has highlighted equality and diversity issues.
A group of Muslim leaders from around the world has visited the former Nazi concentration camp at Auschwitz-Birkenau as part of a week-long trip to Poland.
Two police officers have been injured in a crash in Gwynedd.
Formula 1's strategy group has made a series of decisions that will have far-reaching implications for the sport in 2017.
A jewellery shop in Londonderry has been badly damaged after a car was stolen in the early hours.
Police have launched a murder investigation after a man was found dead at his home in West Lothian.
The ejector seats on the Hawker Hunter jet that crashed in Sussex last year were not updated after it was retired, investigators have said.
Yoga enthusiasts in India have been quick to criticise Narendra Modi for taking part in an event to mark the first UN World Yoga Day.
An exhibition of old photographs of children in Liverpool has opened in the city.
The University of Manchester has been awarded £10m to help fund a new cancer research centre.
Kenya's Geoffrey Korir won the men's race at the Glasgow International Cross Country as Great Britain's Ryan Hawkins finished fourth.
An 18th Century mansion house in Dumfries and Galloway has been badly damaged in a fire.
Wolves defender Aron Bodvarsson says new boss Paul Lambert has brought a "clear message" to his team.
The demolition of the Foyle factory in Londonderry has been completed.
A man who stabbed a vulnerable man to death before stealing his belongings has been jailed for life.
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a sharp fall in half-year profits as it continues to make changes to its business.
A reunion is being held to mark the 20th anniversary of the closure of Ipswich's airport.
Two men have been rescued after their fishing boat crashed into a wind turbine.
A five-year-old boy has been reunited with his cherished toy lion after it went missing from a stately home.
The idea that British soldiers spent most of their time at the front during World War One is "just not correct", researchers have said.
The British Deaf Association has called on Northern Ireland's political parties to use sign language on the campaign trail.
Scientists are attempting to map the wiring of a baby's brain while it is still growing in the womb.
England captain Wayne Rooney should not retire from international football, says his former team-mate Frank Lampard.
A man has said his wife and son were "very lucky" to escape injury when their car crashed into a shop in County Tyrone.
As David Cameron prepares to meet European leaders in Brussels for the first time since the UK's general election, the mood in Berlin is one of optimism.
The family of a mother-of-two who was found dead in a house have said they are "devastated".
Bolivia's vice-president has signed into law a law that allows 12-year-olds to work in the private sector.
Plans to demolish a former Gwynedd hospital have been put on hold because seagulls are nesting on the roof.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher after the US Federal Reserve held interest rates at a record low.
Former Virgin Money chief executive Jayne-Anne Gadhia is to chair a review of student support in Scotland.
California's largest theme park, SeaWorld San Diego, has been given the go-ahead to expand.
It was another dramatic day in the English Football League with late goals in the Championship and League One.
Worcestershire have released all three of their T20 players, including Liam Milnes, Liam McKay and Tom Lewis.
The number of people trying to buy a home in the UK has slowed down, according to chartered surveyors.
The leader of the Welsh Conservative group in the Senedd has been accused of "tittle-tattle" after a row on Twitter.
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan on Saturday has been named by the Ministry of Defence.
Twitter could be about to get a whole lot easier to use.
It was a night that will live long in the memory at Anfield.
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to sing the theme song for the new James Bond film, Spectre.
The leader of the SDLP in Northern Ireland, Arlene Foster, has said she will challenge the decision by the High Court judge to approve a controversial planning policy.
Two of Southampton's largest industrial estates have been sold to a port operator.
Russian heptathlete Yuliya Chernova should be banned for the whole of her career after being found guilty of doping, says former IAAF president Michele Minichiello.
Gloucester Cathedral is looking to recruit its first female choristers.
Great Britain's women suffered a 3-2 defeat by North Korea in their opening game at the World Championship in Canada.
The BBC's John Sudworth has travelled to Haiti to see the devastation caused by Hurricane Matthew.
Glasgow-based Skyscanner has reported another "strong year" for revenues and bookings.
The first all-new car factory in the Midlands in more than a decade has officially opened.
A fourth man has been arrested in connection with a shooting and stabbing in Warwickshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the role of the United Nations in Africa.
The value of the pound fell sharply against the dollar at the start of last month after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
The owner of a whisky distillery in the Scottish Borders has announced plans to expand the business.
BBC Radio 1's Official Chart Show is to be moved to CBBC.
More than 10,000 people die every year from animal tuberculosis, according to a new report.
Andy Murray will continue to be the "dominant force" in tennis after becoming world number one for the first time, says Tim Henman.
John Higgins beat Stuart Bingham 10-6 to win the China Open for the first time since 2009.
More than two-thirds of school children in the UK are sleep-deprived, according to a study.
President Donald Trump's new interior secretary, Ryan Zinke, has marked his first day in the job by riding through Washington on a horse.
Charlton Athletic are investigating an allegation of historical sex abuse by a scout in the 1980s.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes in Rhondda Cynon Taff have been submitted to the council.
Newcastle United defender Jonny Evans and Manchester United striker Papiss Cisse could face bans for spitting at each other.
A 19-year-old man has died after suffering a head injury at a house party in south-west London.
Cardiff City midfielder Jordan Hoilett has signed a new one-year contract with the club.
The RMT has accused ScotRail of "dragging its heels" over taking the railways into public ownership.
Ireland captain Heather Shillington has retired from one-day international cricket after her side's defeat by South Africa.
Premier League referee Mike Dean has been accused of being "arrogant" and "disgraceful" following his latest red card.
The number of child sex abuse cases dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in England and Wales has risen for the second year in a row, figures show.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
Four out of Wales' seven health boards are facing "unacceptable" financial positions, the Welsh Government has said.
British gymnast Jack MacKenzie has moved to South Africa in a bid to compete for his country at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in the neck.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed higher on Friday after the US economy added more jobs than expected in April.
A British man accused of murdering a US soldier in Iraq was involved in making bombs for use in the country, a court has heard.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he expects Raheem Sterling to sign a new contract with the club.
A heatwave in Spain and a strong breeze could be bringing the hot weather north to the UK.
A minimum price for alcohol in England is the most cost-effective way to reduce the harm caused by alcohol, a public health review says.
Jon Stewart, the host of the long-running US satirical news show The Daily Show, has hosted his last show.
The Scottish government has made 90.4% of payments due to farmers and crofters, the agriculture secretary has said.
More than a dozen teachers in Wales have been banned from the profession for using social media to abuse children.
Thousands of customers of Nintendo's new Switch console have reported seeing dead pixels on the screen.
Carl Frampton will make the first defence of his IBF world super bantamweight title against Leo Santa Cruz on Saturday.
Restrictions on the use of a bus lane in Lancashire city centre will remain in place for the rest of the year.
Hampshire all-rounder Sean Ervine hit an unbeaten 109 as Somerset struggled on day one of their County Championship Division Two match at Taunton.
Photographer Celine Stella has travelled to Saudi Arabia to take pictures of the country's neon lights, and she says they have given her a new perspective on the country.
More than half of people who use Google's Chrome browser have been tricked into installing malicious add-ons, research suggests.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he does not want to "lead the 'yes' case for a republic".
Jonjo Shelvey scored his first goal for Newcastle as Steve McClaren's side beat West Ham to move out of the Premier League relegation zone.
For many boxers, the Rio Olympics are the pinnacle of their amateur career.
With just over a week to go until the general election, it is easy to get bogged down in the details of the campaign.
The life of a Tibetan monk murdered in China has been celebrated in Scotland.
The chancellor has announced an extra £1bn for social care in England.
A cyclist accused of killing a woman by crashing into her while riding a "fixie" bike posted a comment on an online forum claiming she "stopped dead" in his path, a court has heard.
There is "no compelling evidence" a fatal fire in a flat started in a tumble dryer, an inquest has heard.
The US Navy has banned alcohol for all its personnel on the Japanese island of Okinawa, after a US sailor was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.
It's been a busy day for John Bercow, the Speaker of the House of Commons.
Gangnam Style, the music video by South Korean singer Psy, has become the most-watched video on YouTube.
Matty Ah Van scored a hat-trick as Widnes came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers in Super League.
A baby girl has been born in Ukraine with DNA from both her mother and her partner.
Two hospitals in Cumbria have been placed in special measures.
Gaz O'Brien's dramatic last-minute drop-goal saw Salford beat Hull KR and secure a place in the Qualifiers.
At the age of 16, Chilla is a student at a Turkish-run school in the Indonesian city of Bali.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found seriously injured in a street in Waterford.
Blackburn Rovers were relegated from the Championship after losing to Nottingham Forest and beating 10-man Brentford.
Children who eat school lunches are more likely to try foods they would not eat at home, a survey suggests.
A pilot has died in a light aircraft crash in Stoke-on-Trent.
The captain of a container ship has been fined for being over the drink-drive limit while on duty in Belfast.
Mexico's central bank governor Agustin Carstens has been nominated to be the next head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
The following is a chronology of key events:.
Stevenage missed the chance to go top of League Two after being held to a goalless draw at Cambridge.
Star Wars and Harry Potter actor Warwick Davis has had his caravan stolen.
Former US President Barack Obama is to speak at a dinner in Edinburgh later this month.
Belgium's ban on the wearing of face veils in public was justifiable in principle, the European Court of Human Rights has ruled.
A man is to stand trial accused of making a "threatening and offensive remark" during Celtic's Scottish Cup win over Rangers.
Footage has emerged of a supermarket worker hitting a woman over the head with a packet of bacon after an alleged assault.
When a woman in the Bolivian capital, La Paz, found a box in the back of her car, she was surprised to find it to be a film camera.
The US Federal Reserve has raised interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade, but why did it do it so quickly?
The Isle of Wight's Conservative MP has survived a vote of no confidence in his bid to be re-elected at the general election.
If you want to be a WWE Superstar, you need to learn a few moves!
Fans of Flappy Bird have expressed relief that the popular game has been taken down.
Dozens of plastic bags have been placed on the seafront in Brighton in a protest against the migrant crisis.
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship programme to train members of the Royal Family in hospitality.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Canadian Milos Raonic in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Australian Open in Melbourne.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius was on his stumps when he hit a toilet door with a cricket bat, a forensics expert has told his murder trial.
It's 70 years since the end of World War Two, when millions of people across Europe were forced to flee their homes.
